DEFM14A 1 tm225196-4_defm14a.htm DEFM14A tm225196-4_defm14a - block - 34.2344886s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ​ Filed by the Registrant ☒ ​ ​ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ ​ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ​ ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ​ ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ​ ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ​ ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 ​ ACTIVISION BLIZZARD, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) ​ Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required. ​ ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ​ ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS MERGER PROPOSAL — YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT March 21, 2022 Dear Activision Blizzard Stockholders, It is my pleasure to invite you to a special meeting of stockholders, which we refer to as the “special meeting,” of Activision Blizzard, Inc., which we refer to as “Activision Blizzard,” to be held on April 28, 2022, at 9:00 a.m., Pacific time. Due to the public health impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and to support the well-being of our employees and stockholders, Activision Blizzard will hold the special meeting virtually via the Internet at http://www.viewproxy.com/atvism/2022. After registering at http://www.viewproxy.com/atvism/2022, you will receive a meeting invitation by email with your unique join link along with a password prior to the meeting date. You will not be able to attend the special meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time), dated as of January 18, 2022, which we refer to as the “merger agreement,” by and among Activision Blizzard, Microsoft Corporation, which we refer to as “Microsoft,” and Anchorage Merger Sub Inc., which we refer to as “Sub,” a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Sub will merge with and into Activision Blizzard, with Activision Blizzard surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft, which we refer to as the “merger.” You will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable to the named executive officers of Activision Blizzard in connection with the merger. You also will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to allow time to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. If the merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $95.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of our common stock, par value $0.000001 per share, which we refer to as “Activision Blizzard common stock,” that you own (unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights with respect to such shares), which represents (i) a premium of approximately 45.3% to Activision Blizzard’s closing stock price on January 14, 2022, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the merger, and (ii) approximately 50.3% to the volume weighted average stock price of Activision Blizzard common stock during the 30 trading days ended January 14, 2022. The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of Activision Blizzard common stock pursuant to the merger will generally be a taxable transaction to “U.S. Holders” ​(as defined in the accompanying proxy statement) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For a more complete description, see the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 67 of the accompanying proxy statement. The Activision Blizzard Board of Directors, after considering the reasons more fully described in this proxy statement, unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Activision Blizzard and its stockholders and declared advisable, approved and authorized in all respects the execution and delivery of the merger agreement by Activision Blizzard, the performance by Activision Blizzard of its obligations thereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. TABLE OF CONTENTS The Activision Blizzard Board of Directors recommends that you vote: (i) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, thereby approving the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; ​ (ii) “FOR” the proposal to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable to the named executive officers of Activision Blizzard in connection with the merger; and ​ (iii) “FOR” the proposal to adjourn the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to allow time to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. ​ The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the special meeting, the merger agreement and the merger. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. Important qualifications with respect to the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements included in the merger agreement are set forth in the section of this proxy statement entitled “Terms of the Merger Agreement,” beginning on page 74 . The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of our Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger agreement and the merger. We encourage you to read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the merger agreement, carefully and in their entirety. You may also obtain more information about Activision Blizzard from documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the “SEC,” from time to time. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting virtually, please complete, sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone. TO FACILITATE THE TIMELY RECEIPT OF YOUR PROXY DESPITE ANY POTENTIAL SYSTEMS DISRUPTION DUE TO COVID-19, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET TODAY. If you attend the special meeting and vote in person by virtual ballot, your vote by virtual ballot will revoke any proxy previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your broker, bank or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form you will receive from your broker, bank or other nominee. Your broker, bank or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the merger unless the proposal to adopt the merger agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Activision Blizzard common stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. The failure of any stockholder to vote by virtual ballot, to submit a validly executed proxy card or to grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares of Activision Blizzard common stock, please call Activision Blizzard’s proxy solicitor in connection with the special meeting: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York, NY 10022 Stockholders may call toll-free from the U.S. or Canada: (877) 687-1871 From other locations please dial: +1 (412) 232-3651 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 TABLE OF CONTENTS On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of this matter. Sincerely, Robert A. Kotick Chief Executive Officer Brian Kelly Chairman of the Board Neither the SEC nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved of the transactions described in this document, including the merger, or determined if the information contained in this document is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated March 21, 2022 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed to Activision Blizzard stockholders on or about March 21, 2022. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 28, 2022 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders, which we refer to as the “special meeting,” of Activision Blizzard, Inc., which we refer to as “Activision Blizzard,” will be held: ​ TIME AND DATE: ​ ​ 9:00 a.m., Pacific time, on April 28, 2022 ​ ​ PLACE: ​ ​ Due to the public health impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and to support the well-being of our employees and stockholders, Activision Blizzard will hold the special meeting virtually via the Internet at http://www.viewproxy.com/atvism/2022. After registering at http://www.viewproxy.com/atvism/2022, you will receive a meeting invitation by email with your unique join link along with a password prior to the meeting date. You will not be able to attend the special meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. ​ ​ ITEMS OF BUSINESS: ​ ​ 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time), dated as of January 18, 2022, which we refer to as the “merger agreement,” by and among Activision Blizzard, Microsoft Corporation, which we refer to as “Microsoft,” and Anchorage Merger Sub Inc., which we refer to as “Sub,” a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement accompanying this notice, which proposal we refer to as the “merger proposal”; ​ 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable to the named executive officers of Activision Blizzard in connection with the merger pursuant to the merger agreement, which we refer to as the “merger,” and which proposal we refer to as the “merger-related compensation proposal”; and ​ 3. To consider and vote on the proposal to adjourn the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to allow time to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting, which proposal we refer to as the “adjournment proposal.” ​ ​ ​ ADJOURNMENTS AND POSTPONEMENTS: ​ ​ Any action on the items of business described above may be considered at the special meeting or at any time and date to which the special meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. ​ ​ RECORD DATE: ​ ​ Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 14, 2022, which we refer to as the “record date,” are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. ​ ​ INSPECTION OF LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS OF RECORD: ​ ​ A list of stockholders of record will be available for inspection at the meeting website during the special meeting. ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ VOTING: ​ ​ Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting virtually, we urge you to vote your shares via the toll-free telephone number or over the Internet as described on your proxy card or voting instruction form. You may also complete, sign, date and mail the proxy card or voting instruction form in the prepaid envelope provided. TO FACILITATE THE TIMELY RECEIPT OF YOUR PROXY DESPITE ANY POTENTIAL SYSTEMS DISRUPTION DUE TO COVID-19, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET TODAY. Submitting a proxy now will not prevent you from being able to vote in person by virtual ballot at the special meeting . ​ ​ IMPORTANT INFORMATION: ​ ​ Your vote is very important to us. The merger contemplated by the merger agreement is conditioned on the receipt of, and we cannot consummate the merger unless the merger proposal receives, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Activision Blizzard’s common stock, par value $0.000001, which we refer to as “Activision Blizzard common stock,” outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. The affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of Activision Blizzard common stock entitled to vote which are present, in person or by proxy, provided a quorum is present, is required to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote, the merger-related compensation proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of Activision Blizzard common stock entitled to vote which are present, in person or by proxy, provided a quorum is present, is required to approve the adjournment proposal. The failure of any stockholder of record to submit a signed proxy card or grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or to vote in person by virtual ballot at the special meeting will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the merger proposal, but will not have any effect on the merger-related compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal (assuming a quorum is present). If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the merger proposal but will not have any effect on the merger-related compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal (assuming a quorum is present). Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the merger proposal, the merger-related compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal (assuming a quorum is present). Stockholders who do not vote in favor of the merger proposal will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of Activision Blizzard common stock, as determined in accordance with Delaware law, if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the merger proposal and comply with all applicable requirements under Delaware law, which are summarized herein and reproduced in their entirety in Annex B to the accompanying proxy statement. The Activision Blizzard Board of Directors recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the merger proposal, (ii) “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and (iii) “FOR” the adjournment proposal. ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Santa Monica, California March 21, 2022 By Order of the Board of Directors, Frances Townsend Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING VIRTUALLY, WE URGE YOU TO VOTE YOUR SHARES VIA THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER OR OVER THE INTERNET AS DESCRIBED ON YOUR ENCLOSED PROXY CARD. YOU MAY ALSO COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND MAIL THE PROXY CARD IN THE PREPAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. TO FACILITATE THE TIMELY RECEIPT OF YOUR PROXY DESPITE ANY POTENTIAL SYSTEMS DISRUPTION DUE TO COVID-19, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET TODAY. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before the special meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction form furnished to you by such broker, bank or other nominee, which is considered the stockholder of record, in order to vote. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account. Your broker, bank or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, without your instructions. If you fail to return your proxy card, to grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or to vote by virtual ballot in person at the special meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, voting in person by virtual ballot at the special meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or other nominee, you must obtain from the record holder a legal proxy issued in your name in order to vote in person at the special meeting. We encourage you to read the accompanying proxy statement, including all documents incorporated by reference therein, and annexes to the accompanying proxy statement, carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York, NY 10022 Stockholders may call toll-free from the U.S. or Canada: (877) 687-1871 From other locations please dial: +1 (412) 232-3651 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROXY SUMMARY ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ​ Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ​ Certain Effects of the Merger on Activision Blizzard ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ ​ Effect on Activision Blizzard if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ ​ Merger Consideration ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ ​ The Special Meeting ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ ​ Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ ​ Opinion of Activision Blizzard’s Financial Advisor ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ ​ Financing of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ ​ Treatment of Equity Compensation ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ ​ Interests of the Non-Employee Directors and Executive Officers of Activision Blizzard in the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ ​ Appraisal Rights ​ ​ ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ ​ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ ​ Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ ​ No Solicitation of Other Offers ​ ​ ​ ​ 10 ​ ​ ​ Change in the Recommendation of the Activision Blizzard Board of Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ ​ Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ ​ Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ ​ ​ 12 ​ ​ ​ Termination Fee ​ ​ ​ ​ 13 ​ ​ ​ Reverse Termination Fee ​ ​ ​ ​ 13 ​ ​ ​ QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ ​ ​ 14 ​ ​ ​ FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ ​ THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ Date, Time and Place ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ Shares Held by Activision Blizzard’s Directors and Executive Officers ​ ​ ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ ​ Voting of Proxies ​ ​ ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ ​ Revocability of Proxies ​ ​ ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ ​ Board of Directors’ Recommendation ​ ​ ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ ​ Tabulation of Votes ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Adjournment ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Assistance ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Rights of Stockholders Who Seek Appraisal ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ ​ Other Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ 29 ​ ​ ​ PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE MERGER ​ ​ ​ ​ 30 ​ ​ ​ PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ ​ i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ THE MERGER ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ ​ ​ Certain Effects of the Merger on Activision Blizzard ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ ​ ​ Effect on Activision Blizzard if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 ​ ​ ​ Background of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ ​ Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 43 ​ ​ ​ Financial Forecasts ​ ​ ​ ​ 48 ​ ​ ​ Opinion of Activision Blizzard’s Financial Advisor ​ ​ ​ ​ 52 ​ ​ ​ Treatment of Equity Compensation ​ ​ ​ ​ 57 ​ ​ ​ Interests of the Non-Employee Directors and Executive Officers of Activision Blizzard in the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 59 ​ ​ ​ Financing of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 67 ​ ​ ​ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 67 ​ ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals ​ ​ ​ ​ 69 ​ ​ ​ Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 71 ​ ​ ​ Pending EEOC Settlement ​ ​ ​ ​ 72 ​ ​ ​ Other Pending Employment-Related Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ 72 ​ ​ ​ Unionization Efforts ​ ​ ​ ​ 73 ​ ​ ​ TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ ​ Closing and Effective Time of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ ​ Effects of the Merger; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers ​ ​ ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ ​ Conversion of Shares ​ ​ ​ ​ 75 ​ ​ ​ Exchange and Payment Procedures ​ ​ ​ ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ Representations and Warranties ​ ​ ​ ​ 77 ​ ​ ​ Conduct of Business Pending the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ ​ No Solicitation of Other Offers ​ ​ ​ ​ 83 ​ ​ ​ The Recommendation of the Activision Blizzard Board of Directors; Company Board Recommendation Change ​ ​ ​ ​ 85 ​ ​ ​ Stockholder Meeting ​ ​ ​ ​ 87 ​ ​ ​ Employee Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ 87 ​ ​ ​ Efforts to Close the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 88 ​ ​ ​ Indemnification and Insurance ​ ​ ​ ​ 88 ​ ​ ​ Specified and Transaction Litigation ​ ​ ​ ​ 89 ​ ​ ​ Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ ​ ​ 89 ​ ​ ​ Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ ​ ​ 91 ​ ​ ​ Termination Fee ​ ​ ​ ​ 92 ​ ​ ​ Reverse Termination Fee ​ ​ ​ ​ 93 ​ ​ ​ Specific Performance ​ ​ ​ ​ 93 ​ ​ ​ Fees and Expenses ​ ​ ​ ​ 93 ​ ​ ​ Amendment ​ ​ ​ ​ 94 ​ ​ ​ Governing Law; Venue ​ ​ ​ ​ 94 ​ ​ ​ PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ ​ The Merger-Related Compensation Proposal ​ ​ ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ ​ Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation ​ ​ ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ ii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ ​ ​ 96 ​ ​ ​ The Adjournment Proposal ​ ​ ​ ​ 96 ​ ​ ​ Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation ​ ​ ​ ​ 96 ​ ​ ​ SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ​ ​ ​ ​ 97 ​ ​ ​ Ownership by Our Directors and Executive Officers ​ ​ ​ ​ 97 ​ ​ ​ Ownership of More than 5% of Activision Blizzard Common Stock ​ ​ ​ ​ 99 ​ ​ ​ APPRAISAL RIGHTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 101 ​ ​ ​ Filing Written Demand ​ ​ ​ ​ 102 ​ ​ ​ Notice by the Surviving Corporation ​ ​ ​ ​ 103 ​ ​ ​ Filing a Petition for Appraisal ​ ​ ​ ​ 103 ​ ​ ​ Determination of Fair Value ​ ​ ​ ​ 104 ​ ​ ​ FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ ​ ​ 107 ​ ​ ​ HOUSEHOLDING INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ 108 ​ ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ 109 ​ ​ ​ MISCELLANEOUS ​ ​ ​ ​ 111 ​ ​ ​ ANNEX A — AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ​ ​ ​ ​ A-1 ​ ​ ​ ANNEX B — SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE ​ ​ ​ ​ B-1 ​ ​ ​ ANNEX C — OPINION OF ALLEN & COMPANY LLC ​ ​ ​ ​ C-1 ​ ​ iii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger (as defined below). This summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this entire proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement, including the merger agreement (as defined below), and the documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. You may obtain the documents and information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 109 . The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. Important qualifications with respect to the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements included in the merger agreement are set forth in the section of this proxy statement entitled “Terms of the Merger Agreement” beginning on page 74 . We encourage you to read the merger agreement, which is the legal document that governs the merger, carefully and in its entirety. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement or as the context otherwise requires, “Activision Blizzard,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us” and similar words in this proxy statement refer to Activision Blizzard, Inc. including, in certain cases, its subsidiaries. Throughout this proxy statement we refer to Microsoft Corporation, a Washington corporation, as “Microsoft” and to Anchorage Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft, as “Sub.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time), dated as of January 18, 2022, by and among Activision Blizzard, Microsoft and Sub, as the “merger agreement.” All references to the “merger” refer to the merger of Sub with and into Activision Blizzard with Activision Blizzard surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft. Activ

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]