DEFM14A 1 ny20011269x2_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ​ ​ ☒ ​ ​ Filed by a party other than the Registrant ​ ​ ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ ​ ​ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ ​ ​ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ ​ ​ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 SPLUNK INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ ​ ​ No fee required. ☒ ​ ​ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ ​ ​ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Splunk Inc. October 30, 2023 Dear Splunk Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of holders of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk common stock,” and the holders thereof “Splunk Stockholders”), a Delaware corporation (“Splunk” or the “Company”), to be held on November 29, 2023, at 2:00 p.m., Pacific time. Splunk will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SPLK2023SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on (i) a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 20, 2023 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Splunk, Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Spirit Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), (ii) a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Splunk’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise related to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Compensation Proposal”), and (iii) a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Splunk and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Splunk continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”). If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $157.00 in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of Splunk common stock that you own, unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights. The Board of Directors of Splunk (the “Board of Directors”), after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, has unanimously: (i) determined that it is in the best interests of Splunk and Splunk Stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) and consummate the Merger and other transactions described therein upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; (ii) approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Splunk, the performance by Splunk of its covenants and other obligations under the Merger Agreement, and the consummation of the Merger and other transactions described therein upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; and (iii) resolved to recommend that Splunk Stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement in accordance with the DGCL. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. You should carefully read and consider the entire enclosed proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. TABLE OF CONTENTS If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Splunk common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-8338 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. ​ ​ Sincerely, ​ ​ /s/ Gary Steele ​ ​ Gary Steele President, Chief Executive Officer and Director The accompanying proxy statement is dated October 30, 2023 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed on or about October 30, 2023. TABLE OF CONTENTS Splunk Inc. NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA THE INTERNET ON NOVEMBER 29, 2023 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of holders of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk common stock,” and the holders thereof “Splunk Stockholders”), a Delaware corporation (“Splunk” or the “Company”), will be held on November 29, 2023, at 2:00 p.m., Pacific time. Splunk will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SPLK2023SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Special Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 20, 2023 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Splunk, Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Spirit Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Splunk and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Splunk continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Splunk’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Compensation Proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Only Splunk Stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 23, 2023 are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof. The Board of Directors of Splunk (the “Board of Directors”) unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Splunk Stockholders who do not vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the “fair value” of their shares of Splunk common stock, as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and comply with all the requirements of Delaware law, including Section 262 of the DGCL, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement. Section 262 of the DGCL is reproduced in its entirety in Annex D to the accompanying proxy statement and is incorporated therein by reference. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, “FOR,” on TABLE OF CONTENTS an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal and “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. ​ ​ By Order of the Board of Directors, ​ ​ /s/ Scott Morgan ​ ​ Scott Morgan ​ ​ Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Global Affairs & Secretary Dated: October 30, 2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) THROUGH THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a Splunk Stockholder of record, voting in person by virtual ballot at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to (1) return your proxy card, (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or (3) vote by virtual ballot in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will have no effect on the Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. You should carefully read and consider the entire accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, or would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Splunk common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-8338 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ The Merger ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ Merger Consideration ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ Treatment of Convertible Notes and Capped Calls ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Closing Conditions ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Required Stockholder Approval ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ The Special Meeting ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ Recommendation of the Board of Directors ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ Opinions of Qatalyst Partners LP and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Splunk in the Merger ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ Acquisition Proposals ​ ​ 10 ​ ​ Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ 10 ​ ​ Effect on Splunk if the Merger Is Not Completed ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ The Voting and Support Agreement ​ ​ 11 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ 12 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 21 THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Date, Time and Place ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ Voting of Proxies ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ Revocability of Proxies ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ Board of Directors’ Recommendation ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ Dissenters’ Rights ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ Delisting and Deregistration of Splunk Common Stock ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Derivative Claims ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Other Matters ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Householding of Special Meeting Materials ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Questions and Additional Information ​ ​ 27 THE MERGER ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ Effect of the Merger ​ ​ 29 ​ ​ Effect on Splunk if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ 29 ​ ​ Merger Consideration ​ ​ 29 ​ ​ Background of the Merger ​ ​ 31 ​ ​ Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ 40 ​ ​ Opinions of Qatalyst Partners LP and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ​ ​ 43 ​ ​ Convertible Notes ​ ​ 60 ​ ​ Capped Call Transactions ​ ​ 61 ​ ​ Management Projections ​ ​ 61 i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Splunk in the Merger ​ ​ 64 ​ ​ Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 71 ​ ​ Closing and Effective Time ​ ​ 71 ​ ​ Dissenters’ Rights ​ ​ 71 ​ ​ Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ Accounting Treatment ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 74 ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 76 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 78 ​ ​ Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws ​ ​ 78 ​ ​ Closing and Effective Time ​ ​ 78 ​ ​ Merger Consideration ​ ​ 79 ​ ​ Treatment of Convertible Notes and Capped Calls ​ ​ 80 ​ ​ Exchange and Payment Procedures ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ Representations and Warranties ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ Conduct of Business Pending the Merger ​ ​ 84 ​ ​ No Solicitation of Other Offers ​ ​ 86 ​ ​ The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Change of Recommendation ​ ​ 88 ​ ​ Employee Benefits ​ ​ 90 ​ ​ Efforts to Close the Merger ​ ​ 91 ​ ​ Indemnification and Insurance ​ ​ 91 ​ ​ Other Covenants ​ ​ 91 ​ ​ Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ 92 ​ ​ Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ 93 ​ ​ Termination Fees ​ ​ 94 ​ ​ Specific Performance ​ ​ 94 ​ ​ Fees and Expenses ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ Amendment ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ Governing Law; Venue ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ The Voting and Support Agreement ​ ​ 95 PROPOSAL 2: THE SPLUNK COMPENSATION PROPOSAL ​ ​ 96 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 97 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ​ ​ 98 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ 100 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ 101 MISCELLANEOUS ​ ​ 102 ​ ​ ​ ​ Annex A: Merger Agreement ​ ​ A- 1 Annex B: Voting and Support Agreement ​ ​ B- 1 Annex C-1: Qatalyst Partners Fairness Opinion ​ ​ C-1-1 Annex C-2: Morgan Stanley Fairness Opinion ​ ​ C-2-1 Annex D: DGCL §262 ​ ​ D- 1 ii TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger of Spirit Merger Corp. with and into Splunk Inc. (the “Merger”) and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement (as defined below), along with all of the documents to which we refer in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the caption “Where You Can Find More Information.” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should carefully read and consider the entire Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “Splunk,” “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” and similar words refer to Splunk Inc. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Cisco Systems, Inc. as “Parent” or “Cisco” and Spirit Merger Corp. as “Merger Sub.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement, we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 20, 2023, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and Splunk as the “Merger Agreement,” our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, as “Splunk common stock,” and the holders of Splunk common stock as “Splunk Stockholders.” Unless indicated otherwise, any other capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement. Parties Involved in the Merger Splunk Inc. Splunk helps customers build a safer and more resilient digital world. We deliver innovative solutions that enable organizations to harness the value of their data to help keep their digital systems secure, available and performant. As organizations’ reliance on resilient systems continues to increase, it is critical that they keep pace with increasing complexity and potential vulnerabilities associated with these systems. Our solutions for security and observability empower Security Operations, IT Operations, and Development Operations teams to maintain resilient systems by monitoring and securing them more quickly and efficiently. We also believe our offerings empower operational transformation, helping customers move from reactive, non-scalable and ineffective approaches to proactive, automated, and machine learning-assisted processes that drive better outcomes even as the scale and complexity of their technology continue to grow. We believe that the increasing reliance on digital systems has made the resilience of these systems mission-critical for nearly every organization and the sustained ongoing importance of digital systems amidst the evolving threat landscape further elevates Splunk’s central role in enabling secure and reliable operations for our customers. We were incorporated in California in October 2003 and were reincorporated in Delaware in May 2006. Splunk common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SPLK.” Cisco Systems, Inc. Parent designs and sells a broad range of technologies that power the Internet. Parent is integrating its product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud to create highly secure, intelligent platforms for our customers’ digital businesses. These platforms are designed to help Parent’s customers manage more users, devices and things connecting to their networks to enable Parent to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. Parent conducts its business globally and manages its business by geography. Parent’s business is organized into the following three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC). Parent’s products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Networking, Security, Collaboration, and Observability. In addition to Parent’s product offerings, Parent provides a broad range of service offerings, including technical support services and advanced services. Increasingly, Parent is delivering its technologies through software and services. Parent’s customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers, including large webscale providers. These customers often look to Parent as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT) to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes. Parent was incorporated in California in 1984 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2021. Parent’s headquarters are in San Jose, California. Parent common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “CSCO.” 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Spirit Merger Corp. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed on September 14, 2023, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. It has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Splunk and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Splunk continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Surviving Corporation”). As a result of the Merger, Splunk common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from Nasdaq. In addition, Splunk common stock will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Splunk will no longer file periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). If the Merger is completed, you will not own any shares of the capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. The time at which the Merger will become effective will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the applicable provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) (the time of such filing and the acceptance for record by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Parent, Merger Sub and Splunk and specified in the certificate of merger, the “Effective Time”). Merger Consideration Splunk Common Stock At the Effective Time, each then outstanding share of Splunk common stock (other than shares of Splunk common stock (i) held by Splunk as treasury stock, (ii) owned by Parent, any direct or indirect subsidiary of Splunk, or subsidiary of Parent, or (iii) owned by Splunk Stockholders who have properly demanded and not withdrawn their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares of Splunk common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, collectively, the “Excluded Shares”) will be cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $157.00, without interest thereon (the “Per Share Merger Consideration”), less any applicable withholding taxes. At or promptly following the Effective Time, Parent will deposit (or cause to be deposited) an amount of cash equal to the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration with a designated exchange agent for payment of each share of Splunk common stock owned by each Splunk Stockholder. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Exchange and Payment Procedures. ” After the Merger is completed, you will have the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, but you will no longer have any rights as a Splunk Stockholder (except that Splunk Stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights may have the right to receive payment for the “fair value” of their shares determined pursuant to an appraisal proceeding, as contemplated by Delaware law). For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger— Dissenters’ Rights .” Treatment of Company Equity Awards The Merger Agreement provides that Splunk’s equity awards that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be subject to the following treatment as of the Effective Time: Vested Company Equity Awards At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without the

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]