DEFM14A 1 ny20005454x1_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 19341 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ ​ ​ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ ​ ​ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ ​ ​ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 VMWARE, INC. (Name of the Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ ​ ​ No fee required. ☐ ​ ​ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ ​ ​ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a- 6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TRANSACTIONS PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT Dear VMware, Inc. Stockholder: On May 26, 2022, VMware, Inc. (referred to as VMware), Broadcom Inc. (referred to as Broadcom), Verona Holdco, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of VMware (referred to as Holdco), Verona Merger Sub, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (referred to as Merger Sub 1), Barcelona Merger Sub 2, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 2) and Barcelona Merger Sub 3, LLC, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 3) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger that provides for the acquisition of VMware by Broadcom (such agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the merger agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into VMware (referred to as the first merger), with VMware surviving the first merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, (ii) following the effective time of the first merger, VMware, the surviving company of the first merger, will be converted (referred to as the LLC conversion) into a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) following the effective time of the LLC conversion, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into Holdco (referred to as the second merger), with Holdco surviving the second merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom and (iv) following the effective time of the second merger, Holdco, the surviving company of the second merger, will merge with and into Merger Sub 3 (referred to as the third merger and collectively with the first merger, the LLC conversion and the second merger, referred to as the transactions), with Merger Sub 3 surviving the third merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom. The respective boards of directors of VMware and Broadcom have unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the second merger, each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of VMware (referred to as VMware common stock) that you own immediately prior to the effective time of the second merger will be indirectly converted into the right to receive, at your election and subject to proration in accordance with the merger agreement as described below, (i) $142.50 per share in cash, without interest (referred to as the cash consideration) or (ii) 0.25200 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Broadcom (referred to as the stock consideration). You may elect a different form of consideration for each share you own. You may elect to receive (i) solely the cash consideration, (ii) solely the stock consideration or (iii) if you own more than one share, a combination of the cash consideration for a selected number of shares and the stock consideration for the remaining number of shares. The stockholder election will be subject to the election of other VMware stockholders and a proration mechanism, such that the total number of shares of VMware common stock entitled to receive the cash consideration, and the total number of shares of VMware common stock entitled to receive the stock consideration, will, in each case, be equal to 50% of the aggregate number of shares of VMware common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the second merger. Holders of VMware common stock that do not make an election will be treated as having elected to receive the cash consideration or the stock consideration in accordance with the proration methodology in the merger agreement. You will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Broadcom common stock that you would otherwise be entitled to receive. Contemporaneously and in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Broadcom entered into voting agreements with each of (i) Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust and (ii) certain VMware stockholders affiliated with Silver Lake (referred to as the voting agreements). Subject to the terms and conditions of the voting agreements, such stockholders have agreed, among other things, to vote all of the shares of VMware common stock held by them (representing in the aggregate approximately 50.1% of the total outstanding shares of VMware common stock as of May 26, 2022) in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. The blended value per share of VMware common stock of $139.69, calculated as of May 20, 2022 (the last trading day prior to market speculation regarding the transactions), and $137.30, calculated as of May 24, 2022, represented a premium of approximately 46% and 43% over the closing price per VMware common stock of $95.71 on May 20, 2022, and a premium of approximately 36% and 34% over the 30-day volume weighted average closing price per VMware common stock ending May 20, 2022 of $102.41, respectively. The implied value of the stock consideration will fluctuate as the market price of Broadcom common stock fluctuates because the stock consideration is payable in a fixed number of shares of Broadcom common stock. As a result, the value of the stock consideration that VMware stockholders will receive upon completion of the transactions could be greater than, less than or the same as the value of the stock consideration on the date of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, at the time of the special meeting of the VMware stockholders described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus (referred to as the special meeting) or on the date on which VMware stockholders make their election. Accordingly, you should obtain current stock price quotations for Broadcom common stock and VMware common stock before deciding how to vote with respect to the approval of the merger agreement proposal. Broadcom common stock and VMware common stock trade on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols “AVGO” and “VMW,” respectively. Based on the number of shares of Broadcom common stock and VMware common stock outstanding on September 12, 2022, upon completion of the transactions, former VMware stockholders will own approximately 12.6% of the outstanding shares of Broadcom common stock and Broadcom stockholders immediately prior to the transactions will own approximately 87.4% of the outstanding shares of Broadcom common stock. The VMware board of directors unanimously (i) determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the transactions are fair to, and in the best interests of, VMware and its stockholders, (ii) determined that it is in the best interests of VMware and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the merger agreement, (iii) approved the execution and delivery by VMware of the merger agreement, the performance by VMware of its covenants and agreements contained therein and the consummation of the transactions upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement and (iv) resolved to recommend that the VMware stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement. At the special meeting, you will be asked to approve the merger agreement proposal and to vote on other transaction-related matters. You will also be asked to vote on a proposal to amend VMware’s certificate of incorporation to eliminate the personal liability of VMware’s officers for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer, except to the extent such an exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The VMware board of directors unanimously recommends that VMware stockholders vote “FOR” the merger agreement proposal , “FOR” the cha rter amendment proposal and “FOR” each of the other proposals described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. Your vote is very important. Broadcom and VMware cannot complete the transactions without the approval of the merger agreement proposal by VMware stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of VMware common stock outstanding at the close of business on September 30, 2022, the record date for the special meeting. The failure of any stockholder to vote will have the same effect as a vote against the approval of the merger agreement proposal and against the charter amendment proposal. It is important that your shares of VMware common stock be represented and voted regardless of the size of your holdings. Whether or not you plan to participate in the special meeting, VMware urges you to submit a proxy in advance of the special meeting to have your shares voted by using one of the methods described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. More information about Broadcom, VMware, the special meeting, the transactions and the other proposals for consideration at the special meeting is contained in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. Please carefully read the entire proxy statement/prospectus, including the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27 , for a discussion of the risks relating to the transactions, and the annexes and documents incorporated by reference. On behalf of the VMware board of directors, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Amy Fliegelman Olli Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TRANSACTIONS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OR THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS NOR HAVE THEY DETERMINED IF THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE OR ADEQUATE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus is dated October 3, 2022 and is first being mailed to VMware stockholders on or about October 4, 2022. TABLE OF CONTENTS VMWARE, INC. 3401 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto, California 94304 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 4, 2022 This is a notice that the special meeting of stockholders of VMware, Inc. (referred to as VMware) will be held on November 4, 2022, beginning at 8:30 a.m., Pacific time. The special meeting will be a completely virtual, live audio webcast meeting of stockholders and will be held for the following purposes: 1. to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 26, 2022 (such agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the merger agreement), by and among VMware, Broadcom Inc. (referred to as Broadcom), Verona Holdco, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of VMware (referred to as Holdco), Verona Merger Sub, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (referred to as Merger Sub 1), Barcelona Merger Sub 2, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 2) and Barcelona Merger Sub 3, LLC, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 3 ), pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into VMware (referred to as the first merger), with VMware surviving the first merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, (ii) following the effective time of the first merger, VMware, the surviving company of the first merger, will be converted (referred to as the LLC conversion) into a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) following the effective time of the LLC conversion, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into Holdco (referred to as the second merger), with Holdco surviving the second merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom and (iv) following the effective time of the second merger, Holdco, the surviving company of the second merger, will merge with and into Merger Sub 3 (referred to as the third merger and collectively with the first merger, the LLC conversion and the second merger, referred to as the transactions), with Merger Sub 3 surviving the third merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the first merger and the second merger referred to as the merger agreement proposal); 2. to approve on an advisory (non-binding) basis the compensation that may be paid or become payable to VMware’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the transactions (referred to as the merger-related compensation proposal); 3. to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes to approve the merger agreement proposal (referred to as the adjournment proposal); and 4. to approve and adopt an amendment to VMware’s certificate of incorporation (referred to as the charter amendment) to eliminate the personal liability of VMware’s officers for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer, except to the extent such an exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (referred to as the charter amendment proposal). The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposals listed above in more detail. Please refer to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger agreement and the other annexes and documents included in, or incorporated by reference into, the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus for further information with respect to the business to be transacted at the special meeting. You are encouraged to read the entire proxy statement/prospectus carefully before voting. In particular, see the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27 . The VMware board of directors unanimously (i) determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the transactions are fair to, and in the best interests, of VMware and its stockholders, (ii) determined that it is in the best interests of VMware and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the merger agreement, (iii) approved the execution and delivery by VMware of the merger agreement, the performance by VMware of its covenants and agreements contained therein and the consummation of the transactions upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement and (iv) resolved to recommend that the VMware stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement. The VMware board of directors further approved, adopted, authorized and declared advisable the charter amendment. The VMware board of directors unanimously recommends that VMware stockholders vote “FOR” the merger agreement proposal, “FOR” the TABLE OF CONTENTS charter amendment proposal and “FOR” each of the other proposals listed above and described in more detail in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. The VMware board of directors has fixed the close of business on September 30, 2022 as the record date for determination of VMware stockholders entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. Only holders of record of VMware common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES THAT YOU OWN. The transactions cannot be completed unless the merger agreement proposal is approved by the affirmative vote, virtually or by proxy, of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of VMware common stock entitled to vote thereon. The affirmative vote, virtually or by proxy, of holders of at least 67% of the outstanding shares of VMware common stock entitled to vote thereon is required to approve the charter amendment proposal. Further, the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of VMware common stock represented at the special meeting, virtually or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereon is required to approve the merger-related compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal. Whether or not you expect to participate in the special meeting, VMware urges you to submit a proxy to have your shares voted as promptly as possible either: (1) via the Internet at proxyvote.com (see proxy card for instructions); (2) by telephone (see proxy card for instructions); or (3) by completing, signing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided, so that your shares may be represented and voted at the special meeting. If your shares are held in “street name” by a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction card furnished by such bank, brokerage firm or other nominee. Any stockholder of record participating in the special meeting may vote even if such stockholder has returned a proxy card. However, if your shares are held in “street name” you must obtain a legal proxy from the bank, brokerage firm or nominee to vote at the special meeting. Stockholders of record as of September 30, 2022 will be able to participate in the special meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VMW2022SM and entering the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card or voting instruction card that accompanied your proxy materials. If you have any questions about the special meeting, the transactions, the proposals or the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of the proxy statement/prospectus, need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to this proxy solicitation or need help submitting a proxy or voting your shares of VMware common stock, you should contact: VMware, Inc. 3401 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto, California 94304 (650) 427-5000 Attention: Investor Relations or D.F. King & Co., Inc. 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, New York 10005 Banks and Brokerage Firms Call: (212) 269-5550 Stockholders Call Toll Free: (800) 628-8532 Email: vmw@dfking.com By order of the board of directors Amy Fliegelman Olli Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Dated: October 3, 2022 Palo Alto, California TABLE OF CONTENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important information about Broadcom and VMware from other documents that Broadcom and VMware have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (referred to as the SEC) and that are contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. For a listing of documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, please see the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information.” This information is available for you to review on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You can obtain copies of this proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus free of charge by requesting them in writing or by telephone at the following addresses and telephone numbers: For Information Regarding Broadcom: ​ ​ For Information Regarding VMware: ​ ​ Broadcom Inc. 1320 Ridder Park Drive San Jose, California 95131 (408) 433-8000 Attention: Investor Relations ​ ​ VMware, Inc. 3401 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto, California 94304 (650) 427-5000 Attention: Investor Relations In addition, you may obtain copies of documents filed by Broadcom with the SEC by accessing Broadcom’s website at https://investors.broadcom.com. You may also obtain copies of documents filed by VMware with the SEC by accessing VMware’s website at http://ir.vmware.com. We are not incorporating the contents of the websites of the SEC, Broadcom, VMware or any other entity into this proxy statement/prospectus. We are providing the information about how you can obtain certain documents that are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus at these websites only for your convenience. In addition, if you have questions about the special meeting, the transactions, the proposals or this proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of the proxy statement/prospectus, need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to the proxy solicitation or need help submitting a proxy or voting your shares of VMware common stock, you may contact D.F. King & Co., Inc. (referred to as D.F. King or VMware’s proxy solicitor), at the address and telephone number listed below. You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, New York 10005 Banks and Brokerage Firms Call: (212) 269-5550 Stockholders Call Toll Free: (800) 628-8532 Email: vmw@dfking.com If you would like to request any documents, please do so by October 28, 2022, which is the date that is five business days prior to the date of the special meeting, in order to receive them before the special meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS This proxy statement/prospectus, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-266181) filed with the SEC by Broadcom, constitutes a prospectus of Broadcom under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (referred to as the Securities Act), with respect to the Broadcom common stock to be issued to VMware stockholders pursuant to the transactions. This proxy statement/prospectus also constitutes a proxy statement for VMware under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (referred to as the Exchange Act), and a notice of meeting with respect to the special meeting of VMware stockholders. You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. No one has been authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus is dated October 3, 2022, and you should assume that the information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate only as of such date. You should also assume that the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate only as of the date of such information. This proxy statement/prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or the solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. Information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus regarding Broadcom has been provided by Broadcom, and information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus regarding VMware has been provided by VMware. i TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS ​ ​ i QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ 1 SUMMARY ​ ​ 11 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 25 RISK FACTORS ​ ​ 27 INFORMATION ABOUT VMWARE ​ ​ 36 INFORMATION ABOUT BROADCOM ​ ​ 37 INFORMATION ABOUT THE VMWARE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 38 PROPOSAL 1: THE MERGER AGREEMENT PROPOSAL ​ ​ 43 PROPOSAL 2: THE MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION PROPOSAL ​ ​ 44 PROPOSAL 3: THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL ​ ​ 45 PROPOSAL 4: THE CHARTER AMENDMENT PROPOSAL ​ ​ 46 THE TRANSACTIONS ​ ​ 47 THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 94 THE VOTING AGREEMENTS ​ ​ 124 OTHER MATTERS ​ ​ 126 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ​ ​ 127 COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS OF BROADCOM AND VMWARE ​ ​ 143 INFORMATION ABOUT THE VMWARE BENEFICIAL OWNERS ​ ​ 158 APPRAISAL RIGHTS OF VMWARE STOCKHOLDERS ​ ​ 160 LEGAL MATTERS ​ ​ 164 EXPERTS ​ ​ 165 VMWARE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ 166 HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS ​ ​ 167 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ 168 ANNEXES ​ ​ Annex A ​ ​ Merger Agreement Annex B ​ ​ MSD Voting Agreement Annex C ​ ​ SL Voting Agreement Annex D ​ ​ Goldman Sachs Fairness Opinion Annex E ​ ​ J.P. Morgan Fairness Opinion Annex F ​ ​ General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, Section 262 Annex G ​ ​ Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of VMware, Inc. ii TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following questions and answers are intended to briefly address some commonly asked questions regarding the transactions, the merger agreement and the special meeting. These questions and answers may not address all questions that may be important to you as a VMware stockholder. Please refer to the section titled “Summary” and the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, the annexes to this proxy statement/prospectus and the documents referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read carefully and in their entirety. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the instructions under the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information.” Q: Why am I receiving this proxy statement/prospectus? A: VMware, Inc. (referred to as VMware) is sending these materials to VMware stockholders to help them decide how to vote their shares of VMware common stock with respect to (i) the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and among Broadcom Inc. (referred to as Broadcom), VMware, Verona Holdco, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of VMware (referred to as Holdco), Verona Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (referred to as Merger Sub 1), Barcelona Merger Sub 2, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 2) and Barcelona Merger Sub 3, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadcom (referred to as Merger Sub 3, and collectively, with Merger Sub 2, as Broadcom Merger Subs), which agreement provides for the acquisition of VMware by Broadcom (such agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the merger agreement), a copy of which is included as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus, and approval of the first merger and the second merger (each as defined below), (ii) the adoption of an amendment to VMware’s certificate of incorporation (referred to as the charter amendment) to eliminate the personal liability of VMware’s officers for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer, except to the extent such an exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (referred to as the DGCL) and (iii) the other proposals to be considered at the special meeting of VMware stockholders to be held on November 4, 2022 (referred to as the special meeting). This document constitutes both a proxy statement of VMware and a prospectus of Broadcom. It is a proxy statement because VMware is soliciting proxies from its stockholders. It is a prospectus because Broadcom will issue shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (referred to as Broadcom common stock), in exchange for shares of VMware Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share (referred to as VMware common

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]