DEFM14A 1 d396695ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 KNOWBE4, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents KNOWBE4, INC. 33 N. GARDEN AVENUE, SUITE 1200 CLEARWATER, FL 33755 To the Stockholders of KnowBe4, Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders (together with any adjournment, postponement, or other delay thereof, the “ Special Meeting ” ) of KnowBe4, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ KnowBe4 ”). The Special Meeting will be held on January 31, 2023, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time. You may attend the Special Meeting via a live interactive webcast at http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KNBE2023SM. You will be able to listen to the Special Meeting live and vote online. We believe that a virtual meeting provides expanded access, improved communication and cost savings for our stockholders. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time), dated as of October 11, 2022 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), between Oranje Holdco, LLC (“ Parent ”), Oranje Merger Sub, Inc. (“ Merger Sub ”) and KnowBe4. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (“ Vista ”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into KnowBe4, with KnowBe4 surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Merger ”). At the Special Meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by KnowBe4 to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is completed, at the effective time of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of KnowBe4’s Class A common stock and each issued and outstanding share of KnowBe4’s Class B common stock (together, the “ KnowBe4 common stock ”), subject to certain exceptions specified in the Merger Agreement, will be canceled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $24.90 per share, without interest and subject to any applicable withholding taxes. This amount represents a 44 percent premium to the unaffected closing price on September 16, 2022 of $17.30 per share of KnowBe4’s Class A common stock, the last full trading day before Vista publicly disclosed its initial non-binding acquisition proposal. The proposed Merger is a “going-private transaction” under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the Merger is completed, KnowBe4 will become a privately held company, wholly owned by Parent. KnowBe4’s Board of Directors (the “ KnowBe4 Board ”) formed a Special Committee of the KnowBe4 Board comprised solely of independent and disinterested directors (the “ Special Committee ”) to engage with Vista, to consider other potential value creation opportunities and to take other actions that the Special Committee deemed appropriate. The Special Committee, as more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, evaluated the Merger, with the assistance of its own independent financial and legal advisors. At the conclusion of its review, the Special Committee, among other things, unanimously (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, is advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of KnowBe4 and the Unaffiliated Stockholders (as defined below); and (2) recommended that the KnowBe4 Board approve the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, and determine that the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to, and in the best Table of Contents interests of KnowBe4 and the Unaffiliated Stockholders. In addition, the Special Committee believes that the Merger is fair to KnowBe4’s “unaffiliated security holders,” as such term is defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”). The KnowBe4 Board, acting upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, is advisable, fair to and in the best interests of KnowBe4 and its stockholders, including the Unaffiliated Stockholders; and (2) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, including the Merger. In addition, the KnowBe4 Board, on behalf of KnowBe4, believes that the Merger is fair to KnowBe4’s “unaffiliated security holders,” as such term is defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act. The KnowBe4 Board unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR” the compensation that will or may become payable by KnowBe4 to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. The approval of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement requires the affirmative vote of (1) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 common stock (voting together as a single class) entitled to vote on the Merger Agreement; (2) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 common stock (voting together as a single class) held by the Unaffiliated Stockholders (as defined below) and entitled to vote on the Merger Agreement; (3) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 Class A common stock entitled to vote in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”); and (4) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 Class B common stock entitled to vote in accordance with the DGCL. The “ Unaffiliated Stockholders ” means the holders of KnowBe4 common stock, excluding those shares of KnowBe4 common stock held, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of (1) Vista, its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (2) KKR & Co. Inc. (“ KKR & Co. ”), its investment fund affiliates, its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates and those members of the KnowBe4 Board who are employees of KKR & Co. or one of its investment fund affiliates, (3) the Elephant Funds, their investment fund affiliates, the portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates and those members of the KnowBe4 Board who are employees of the Elephant Funds or one of their investment fund affiliates, and (4) any person that KnowBe4 has determined to be an “officer” of KnowBe4 within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act. Each record holder of KnowBe4 Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote for each share of KnowBe4 Class A common stock owned of record as of the close of business on December 7, 2022 (the “ Record Date ”), and each record holder of KnowBe4 Class B common stock is entitled to ten (10) votes for each share of KnowBe4 Class B common stock owned of record as of the close of business on the Record Date. If you fail to vote on the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, the effect will be the same as a vote against such proposal. The accompanying proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger, and the other proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The accompanying proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the KnowBe4 Board and the Special Committee in connection with their evaluation of, among other things, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. Please read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. In connection with execution of the Merger Agreement, certain of KnowBe4’s existing stockholders entered into support agreements, pursuant to which the applicable stockholders agreed to vote all of their respective shares of KnowBe4 common stock in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain terms and conditions contained in the support agreements. In addition, certain of such stockholders have agreed to “roll Table of Contents over” a portion of their existing equity in KnowBe4 into an ownership interest in the parent company of Parent or purchase equity in Parent. Copies of the support agreements are attached as Annex C , Annex D , Annex E , Annex F and Annex G to the accompanying proxy statement. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card (a prepaid reply envelope is provided for your convenience) or grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote at the Special Meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy or to attend the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the Special Meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting without your instructions. As a result, if you do not provide your bank, broker or other nominee with any voting instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of a quorum and will not be voted at the Special Meeting, which will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-8312 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of KnowBe4’s Board of Directors, thank you for your support. Very truly yours, Sjoerd Sjouwerman Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Table of Contents PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT—SUBJECT TO COMPLETION KNOWBE4, INC. 33 N. GARDEN AVENUE, SUITE 1200 CLEARWATER, FL 33755 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JANUARY 31, 2023 Notice is given that a special meeting of stockholders (together with any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof, the “ Special Meeting ”) of KnowBe4, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ KnowBe4 ”), will be held on January 31, 2023, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”), dated as of October 11, 2022, among Oranje Holdco, LLC, Oranje Merger Sub, Inc., and KnowBe4 (the “ Merger Proposal ”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by KnowBe4 to its named executive officers in connection with the merger (the “ Merger ”) of Oranje Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Oranje Holdco, LLC, with and into KnowBe4 (the “ Compensation Proposal ”); 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “ Adjournment Proposal ”); and 4. To transact any other business that may properly come before the Special Meeting. Approval of the Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of (1) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 common stock (voting together as a single class) entitled to vote on the Merger Agreement; (2) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 common stock (voting together as a single class) held by the Unaffiliated Stockholders (as defined below) and entitled to vote on the Merger Agreement; (3) the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 Class A common stock entitled to vote in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”); and (4) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of KnowBe4 Class B common stock entitled to vote in accordance with the DGCL. The “ Unaffiliated Stockholders ” means the holders of KnowBe4 common stock, excluding those shares of KnowBe4 common stock held, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of (1) Vista, its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (2) KKR & Co. Inc. (“ KKR & Co. ”), its investment fund affiliates, its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates and those members of the KnowBe4 Board who are employees of KKR & Co. or one of its investment fund affiliates, (3) the Elephant Funds, their investment fund affiliates, the portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates and those members of the KnowBe4 Board who are employees of the Elephant Funds or one of their investment fund affiliates, and (4) any person that KnowBe4 has determined to be an “officer” of KnowBe4 within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Approval of each of the Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares cast affirmatively or negatively for such proposal. The Special Meeting will be held by means of a live interactive webcast on the internet at http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KNBE2023SM. The Special Meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time. Online check-in will begin a few minutes prior to the Special Meeting. You will need the Table of Contents control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form in order to participate in the Special Meeting (including voting your shares). Only KnowBe4’s stockholders as of the close of business on December 7, 2022 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting. A list of stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Special Meeting will be available at KnowBe4’s corporate offices located at 33 N. Garden Avenue, Clearwater, Florida 33755, during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the Special Meeting and on the virtual meeting website during the Special Meeting. KnowBe4’s Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR” the compensation that will or may become payable by KnowBe4 to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. KnowBe4’s stockholders who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and otherwise comply with the requirements under Section 262 of the DGCL will have the right to seek appraisal of the “fair value” of their shares of our common stock (exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger and together with interest (as described in the accompanying proxy statement) to be paid on the amount determined to be “fair value”) in lieu of receiving $24.90 per share in cash if the Merger is completed, as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. To do so, a KnowBe4 stockholder must properly demand appraisal before the vote is taken on the Merger Agreement and comply with all other requirements of the DGCL, including Section 262 of the DGCL, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement, and certain conditions set forth in Section 262(g) of the DGCL must be satisfied. Section 262 of the DGCL may be accessed without subscription or cost at the following publicly available website: https://delcode.delaware.gov/title8/c001/sc09/index.html#262 and is incorporated in this notice by reference. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card (a prepaid reply envelope is provided for your convenience) or grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote at the Special Meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy or to attend the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and will have the same effect as a vote against the Merger Proposal. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the Special Meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting without your instructions. As a result, if you do not provide your bank, broker or other nominee with any voting instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of a quorum and will not be voted at the Special Meeting, which will have the same effect as a vote against the Merger Proposal. By Order of the Board of Directors, Sjoerd Sjouwerman Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors Dated: December 22, 2022 Clearwater, Florida Table of Contents KNOWBE4, INC. PROXY STATEMENT FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JANUARY 31, 2023 This proxy statement is dated December 22, 2022 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being sent to stockholders on or about December 22, 2022. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS DEFINED TERMS iv SUMMARY TERM SHEET 1 Introduction 1 The Parties to the Merger 1 The Special Meeting 2 Votes Required 3 Intent of KnowBe4’s Directors and Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders to Vote in Favor of the Merger 3 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendations of the Special Committee and the KnowBe4 Board 4 Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 5 Position of the Purchaser Filing Parties as to the Fairness of the Merger 5 Certain Effects of the Merger 5 Treatment of Shares and Equity Awards 6 Certain Effects on KnowBe4 if the Merger is Not Completed 8 Interests of KnowBe4’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 8 The Support Agreements 9 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 9 Restrictions on Solicitation of Other Acquisition Offers 10 Change in the KnowBe4 Board’s Recommendation 11 Limited Guarantees 11 Financing of the Merger 11 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 12 Termination of the Merger Agreement 13 Termination Fees and Remedies 13 Appraisal Rights 14 Litigation Relating to the Merger 16 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 17 SPECIAL FACTORS 28 Background of the Merger 28 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Special Committee and the KnowBe4 Board 46 Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 55 Position of the Purchaser Filing Parties as to the Fairness of the Merger 65 Plans for KnowBe4 After the Merger 68 Certain Effects of the Merger 69 Certain Effects on KnowBe4 if the Merger is Not Completed 72 Unaudited Prospective Financial Information 72 Interests of KnowBe4’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 76 Intent of KnowBe4’s Directors and Executive Officers to Vote in Favor of the Merger 83 Intent of Certain Stockholders to Vote in Favor of the Merger 83 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger 84 Accounting Treatment 84 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 84 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 87 Limited Guarantees 88 Financing of the Merger 89 Delisting and Deregistration of KnowBe4’s Class A Common Stock 90 Fees and Expenses 90 Litigation Relating to the Merger 90 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 92 i Table of Contents THE PARTIES TO THE MERGER 94 KnowBe4 94 Parent Entities 94 THE SPECIAL MEETING 95 Date, Time and Place 95 Purpose of the Special Meeting 95 Attending the Special Meeting 95 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum 95 Votes Required 96 Abstentions 96 Broker Non-Votes 96 Shares Held by KnowBe4’s Directors and Executive Officers 96 Voting of Proxies 97 Revocability of Proxies 97 Adjournment 98 Solicitation of Proxies 98 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 98 Appraisal Rights 99 Other Matters 100 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on January 31, 2023 100 Householding of Special Meeting Materials 100 Questions and Additional Information 100 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 101 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger 101 Effects of the Merger; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers 102 Treatment of Shares and Equity Awards 102 Payment Agent, Exchange Fund and Exchange and Payment Procedures 104 Representations and Warranties 105 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 109 Restrictions on Solicitation of Other Acquisition Offers 110 The KnowBe4 Board’s Recommendation; KnowBe4 Recommendation Change 112 Stockholder Meeting 114 Employee Benefits 114 Efforts to Close the Merger 115 Indemnification and Insurance 117 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 118 Termination of the Merger Agreement 119 Termination Fees and Remedies 120 Fees and Expenses 121 No Third Party Beneficiaries 122 Amendment and Waiver 122 Governing Law and Venue 122 Waiver of Jury Trial 122 THE SUPPORT AGREEMENTS 123 PROVISIONS FOR UNAFFILIATED STOCKHOLDERS 125 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING KNOWBE4 126 Company Background 126 Directors and Executive Officers 126 Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data 128 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 129 Prior Public Offerings 131 Transactions in KnowBe4 Common Stock 133 ii Table of Contents Past Contracts, Transactions, Negotiations and Agreements 136 Book Value Per Share 137 Market Price of the KnowBe4 Class A Common Stock 137 Dividends 137 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE PURCHASER FILING PARTIES 138 Parent Entities 138 Vista Filing Parties 138 KKR Filing Parties 139 Elephant Filing Parties 139 Sjouwerman Filing Parties 139 APPRAISAL RIGHTS 141 Written Demand 143 Notice by the Surviving Corporation 144 Filing a Petition for Appraisal 144 Determination of Fair Value 145 PROPOSAL 1: THE MERGER PROPOSAL 147 PROPOSAL 2: THE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 148 PROPOSAL 3: THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 149 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS AND NOMINATIONS 150 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 151 MISCELLANEOUS 153 ANNEX A—AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER A-1 ANNEX B—OPINION OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC B-1 ANNEX C—SUPPORT AGREEMENT (THE FOUNDER) C-1 ANNEX D—SUPPORT AGREEMENT (THE KKR INVESTOR) D-1 ANNEX E—SUPPORT AGREEMENT (THE ELEPHANT FUNDS) E-1 ANNEX F—SUPPORT AGREEMENT (THE VEPF FUNDS) F-1 ANNEX G—SUPPORT AGREEMENT (MITNICK) G-1 iii Table of Contents DEFINED TERMS Unless stated otherwise, whenever used in this proxy statement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: Adjournment Proposal means the proposal to approve the adjournment of the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Compensation Proposal means the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by KnowBe4 to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. Certificate of Merger means a certificate of merger in such form as required by and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Debt Commitment Letter means the amended and restated commitment letter, dated October 14, 2022, pursuant to which the lenders party to that letter

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]