DEFM14A 1 d397623ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 AVALARA, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Dear Shareholders, On August 8, 2022, Avalara, Inc. ("Avalara") announced a definitive agreement under which it will be acquired by Vista Equity Partners ("Vista"), a leading global investment firm focused exclusively on enterprise software, data, and technology-enabled businesses, in partnership with institutional co-investors, for $93.50 per share in cash. The Avalara board of directors (the "Board"), following a comprehensive evaluation of Avalara's current and future business prospects - with the assistance of outside financial and legal advisors - unanimously determined that this transaction is in the best interests of all Avalara shareholders and maximizes the value of your shares. Under the terms of our agreement with Vista, you will receive $93.50 in cash for each share of Avalara common stock you own. This all-cash transaction represents significant and certain value for your shares. The per share purchase price represents a 27% premium to Avalara's closing share price on July 6, 2022, the last trading day prior to media reports regarding a potential transaction with Vista. Avalara Board Conducted Comprehensive Process to Maximize Shareholder Value The Avalara Board takes its responsibility to its shareholders very seriously. With assistance from outside financial and legal advisors, the Avalara Board conducted a comprehensive process that included the consideration of potential strategic acquirers and financial sponsors and discussions with eight parties. Based on the proposals received during the comprehensive sales process, as well as a thoughtful evaluation of Avalara's future prospects and operational challenges, the Board determined that the $93.50 per share all-cash transaction maximizes value for Avalara shareholders. Vote "FOR" the Merger Proposal Today to Receive $93.50 in Cash for Each Share of Avalara Common Stock You Own Your vote is extremely important, no matter how many shares you own. The Avalara Board unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the value maximizing transaction with Vista on the WHITE proxy card, which provides you with a significant premium and certain value for your investment. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor, Innisfree M&A Incorporated. You may call toll-free from the U.S. or Canada at (877) 687-1873 or +1 (412) 232-3651 from other locations. Thank you for your continued support of Avalara. Sincerely, The Board of Directors of Avalara Table of Contents September 12, 2022 Dear Shareholders: On August 8, 2022, Avalara, Inc. (“Avalara” or the “Company”) entered an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, the “merger agreement”) with Lava Intermediate, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”) and Lava Merger Sub, Inc., a Washington corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (“Vista”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data, and technology-enabled companies. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Avalara (the “merger”) and Avalara will survive the merger as a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. If the merger is completed, each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Avalara (“Avalara common stock”) outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (the “effective time”) (other than shares that may be held by Avalara as treasury stock or shares owned by any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or held directly by Parent or any subsidiary of Parent (including Merger Sub)), and shares owned by any shareholder who has properly exercised and perfected such holder’s demand for dissenters’ rights pursuant to Chapter 23B.13 of the Washington Business Corporation Act (the “WBCA”) and who has not effectively withdrawn or forfeited such holder’s dissenters’ rights) will be cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $93.50 in cash, without interest, subject to any applicable withholding taxes. You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of our shareholders to be held virtually in connection with the proposed merger on October 14, 2022 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. You will be able to attend the meeting by visiting www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm, where you will be able to listen to the special meeting, submit questions, and vote. To participate in the special meeting, you must pre-register at www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm by 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time on Thursday, October 13, 2022. You will not be able to attend the meeting in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. At the special meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the merger agreement (the “merger proposal”). Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Avalara common stock entitled to vote thereon. The Avalara board of directors has unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders of the Company, and declared it advisable, to enter into the merger agreement with Parent and Merger Sub providing for the merger in accordance with the WBCA, (ii) adopted the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, in accordance with the WBCA and (iii) adopted a resolution recommending the merger agreement be approved by the shareholders of the Company. The Avalara board of directors made its determination after consideration of a number of factors more fully described in this proxy statement. The Avalara board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the proposal to approve the merger agreement. The proxy statement accompanying this letter provides you with more specific information concerning the special meeting, the merger agreement, the merger, and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. We encourage you to read the proxy statement, the accompanying annexes and any documents incorporated by reference in the proxy statement carefully and in their entirety. At the special meeting, Avalara shareholders will also be asked to vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, certain compensation that will or may be paid to Avalara’s named executive officers Table of Contents by Avalara based on or otherwise relating to the merger, as required by the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and a proposal to approve an adjournment of the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional votes for the approval of the merger proposal if there are insufficient votes to approve the merger proposal at the time of the special meeting or to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the accompanying proxy statement is timely provided to Avalara shareholders. The Avalara board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” each of these proposals. The merger cannot be completed unless Avalara shareholders holding a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Avalara common stock entitled to vote thereon approve the merger proposal. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you expect to attend the special meeting virtually, please submit a proxy to vote your shares as promptly as possible so that your shares may be represented and voted at the special meeting. If you intend to attend the virtual special meeting and vote in person during the virtual special meeting, your electronic vote at the special meeting will revoke any proxy previously submitted. The failure to vote on the merger proposal will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Avalara common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to approve the merger agreement, without your instructions. The obligations of Avalara, Parent, and Merger Sub to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions. The accompanying proxy statement contains detailed information about Parent, the special meeting, the merger agreement, and the merger. If you have any questions concerning the merger or the proxy statement, would like additional copies of the proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Avalara common stock, please contact Avalara’s proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Shareholders may call toll free: (877) 687-1873 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 Yours truly, Scott McFarlane Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved of the merger, passed upon the merits of the merger agreement or the merger or determined if the accompanying proxy statement is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated September 12, 2022 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy, is first being mailed to Avalara shareholders on or about September 12, 2022. Table of Contents Avalara, Inc. NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS DATE & TIME October 14, 2022 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time WEBSITE www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm. The special meeting will be held virtually. You will not be able to attend the special meeting in person. ITEMS OF BUSINESS • To consider and vote on a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 8, 2022 (as it may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, the “merger agreement”), by and among Lava Intermediate, Inc. (“Parent”), Lava Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”) and Avalara, Inc. (“Avalara”) (the “merger proposal”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with the private equity firm Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (“Vista”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to the accompanying proxy statement as Annex A ; • To consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, certain compensation that will or may be paid by Avalara to its named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger (the “named executive officer merger-related compensation advisory proposal”); and • To consider and vote on a proposal to approve an adjournment of the special meeting of Avalara shareholders (the “special meeting”) to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional votes for the approval of the merger proposal if there are insufficient votes to approve the merger proposal at the time of the special meeting or to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the accompanying proxy statement is timely provided to Avalara shareholders (the “adjournment proposal”). RECORD DATE Only Avalara shareholders of record at the close of business on September 8, 2022 (the “record date”), are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and at any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. VOTING BY PROXY Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. The Avalara board of directors (the “Board”) is soliciting your proxy to assure that a quorum is present and that your shares are represented and voted at the special meeting. For information on submitting your proxy over the internet or by telephone, or on mailing back the traditional proxy card (no extra postage is needed for the provided envelope if mailed in the U.S.), please see the attached Table of Contents proxy statement and enclosed proxy card. If you later decide to vote in person during the virtual special meeting, information on revoking your proxy prior to the special meeting is also provided. RECOMMENDATIONS The Board unanimously recommends that you vote: • “FOR” the merger proposal; • “FOR” the named executive officer merger-related compensation advisory proposal; and • “FOR” the adjournment proposal. DISSENTERS’ RIGHTS Avalara shareholders who do not vote in favor of the merger proposal will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of Avalara common stock, in accordance with Chapter 23B.13 of the WBCA, if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the merger proposal and comply with all of the requirements of Chapter 23B.13, which are summarized herein. Pursuant to Chapter 23B.13, when a proposed merger is to be submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, as in the case of the special meeting, the meeting notice must state that shareholders are or may be entitled to assert dissenters’ rights and must be accompanied by a copy of Chapter 23B.13. The notice of the special meeting included with this proxy statement constitutes notice to the holders of Avalara common stock of their dissenters’ rights, and a copy of Chapter 23B.13 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C . YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING VIRTUALLY, PLEASE SUBMIT A PROXY OVER THE INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE PURSUANT TO THE INSTRUCTIONS CONTAINED IN THESE MATERIALS OR COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN, AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. IF YOU RECEIVE MORE THAN ONE PROXY BECAUSE YOU OWN SHARES REGISTERED IN DIFFERENT NAMES OR ADDRESSES, EACH PROXY SHOULD BE SUBMITTED. IF YOU DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR PROXY, INSTRUCT YOUR BROKER HOW TO VOTE YOUR SHARES OR VOTE IN PERSON AT THE VIRTUAL SPECIAL MEETING ON THE MERGER PROPOSAL, IT WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE “AGAINST” THIS PROPOSAL. Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of shares of Avalara common stock outstanding at the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote thereon. Approval of each of the named executive officer merger-related compensation advisory proposal and the adjournment proposal requires that the number of votes cast “FOR” such proposal at the special meeting exceeds the number of votes “AGAINST” such proposal. If you sign, date, and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the named executive officer merger-related compensation advisory proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. Your proxy may be revoked at any time before the vote at the special meeting by following the procedures outlined in the accompanying proxy statement. The meeting will only be conducted by live online webcast, i.e., as a “virtual special meeting.” Only holders of record of Avalara common stock of September 8, 2022, the record date for the special meeting, or their legal proxy holders may attend and participate in the special meeting. To vote or ask questions at the meeting, you will need to pre-register at www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm by 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time on October 13, 2022. Table of Contents If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Avalara common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to approve the merger agreement, without your instructions. The proxy statement, of which this notice forms a part, provides a detailed description of the merger agreement and the merger. We urge you to read the proxy statement, including any documents incorporated by reference, and its annexes carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the merger or the proxy statement, would like additional copies of the proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Avalara common stock, please contact Avalara’s proxy solicitor, Innisfree M&A Incorporated (“Innisfree”): Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Shareholders may call toll free: (877) 687-1873 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 By order of the Board, Alesia Pinney Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Secretary 255 South King Street, Suite 1800 Seattle, Washington 98104 September 12, 2022 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SUMMARY 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER 15 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 23 THE PARTIES TO THE MERGER 25 THE SPECIAL MEETING 26 THE MERGER 32 Structure of the Merger 32 Merger Consideration — What Shareholders Will Receive in the Merger 32 Treatment of Avalara Equity Awards 32 Effects on Avalara if the Merger Is Not Completed 33 Background of the Merger 33 Recommendation of the Board and Reasons for the Merger 46 Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 53 Financial Projections 62 Interests of Avalara’s Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger 65 Treatment of Director and Executive Officer Common Stock 66 Treatment of Director and Executive Officer Equity Awards 66 Change in Control Severance Payments and Other Termination Benefits 68 Financing of the Merger 71 Limited Guarantees 72 Regulatory Clearances and Approvals Required for the Merger 72 Litigation Related to the Merger 73 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 73 Delisting and Deregistration of Avalara Common Stock 74 Dissenters’ Rights 74 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 78 Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement 78 When the Merger Becomes Effective 78 Structure of the Merger; Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers 79 Effect of the Merger on Avalara Common Stock 79 Treatment of Avalara Equity Awards 79 Payment for Avalara Common Stock 80 Representations and Warranties 81 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 84 Other Covenants and Agreements 87 Access to Information 87 Acquisition Proposals 88 i Table of Contents Page The Special Meeting and Related Actions 92 Employee Benefits 93 Efforts to Consummate the Merger 93 Indemnification of Directors and Officers; Insurance 95 Miscellaneous Covenants 97 Conditions to the Merger 97 Termination 99 Termination Fees 100 Effect of Termination 101 Expenses Generally 101 Amendments; Waiver 101 Specific Performance 101 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 102 MERGER PROPOSAL (PROPOSAL 1) 103 ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION ADVISORY PROPOSAL (PROPOSAL 2) 104 ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL (PROPOSAL 3) 105 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 106 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER 108 FUTURE AVALARA SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 112 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 113 MISCELLANEOUS 114 ANNEXES Annex A – Agreement and Plan of Merger A-1 Annex B – Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC B-1 Annex C – Dissenters’ Rights under the WBCA C-1 ii Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and may not contain all the information that is important to you with respect to the merger and the other matters being considered at the special meeting of Avalara shareholders. We urge you to carefully read the remainder of this proxy statement, including the attached annexes, and the other documents to which we have referred you. For additional information on Avalara included in documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement, and to find instructions on how to obtain, without charge, copies of any of the documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 113 . We have included page references in this summary to direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented below. All references to “Avalara,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this proxy statement refer to Avalara, Inc., an Washington corporation; all references to “Parent” refer to Lava Intermediate, Inc., a Delaware corporation; all references to “Merger Sub” refer to Lava Merger Sub, Inc., a Washington corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; all references to “Vista” refer to Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC, an affiliate of each of Parent and Merger Sub; all references to “Vista Funds” refer collectively to Vista Equity Partners Fund VIII, L.P. and Vista Equity Partners Fund VII, L.P.; all references to “Avalara common stock” refer to the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Avalara; all references to the “Board” refer to the board of directors of Avalara; all references to the “merger” refer to the merger of Merger Sub with and into Avalara with Avalara surviving as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; unless otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, all references to the “merger agreement” refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 8, 2022, as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and Avalara, a copy of which is included as Annex A to this proxy statement. Avalara, following the completion of the merger, is sometimes referred to in this proxy statement as the “surviving corporation.” The Parties Avalara (see page 25) Avalara helps businesses of all sizes get tax compliance right. In partnership with leading ERP, accounting, ecommerce, and other financial management system providers, Avalara delivers cloud-based compliance solutions for various transaction taxes, including sales and use, VAT, GST, excise, communications, lodging, and other indirect tax types. Headquartered in Seattle, Avalara has offices across the U.S. and around the world in Brazil, Europe, and India. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol AVLR. Our headquarters are located at 255 South King Street, Suite 1800, Seattle, Washington 98104 and our telephone number is (206) 826-4900. Our corporate web address is www.avalara.com. Information on Avalara’s website is not incorporated by reference into or otherwise part of this proxy statement. Additional information about Avalara is contained in our public filings. See the section of this proxy statement entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Parent (see page 25) Parent was formed on July 29, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt financing in connection with the merger. 1 Table of Contents Merger Sub (see page 25) Merger Sub is a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent and was formed on July 29, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt financing in connection with the merger. Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with the Vista Funds, and Parent, Merger Sub and the Vista Funds are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (“Vista”). Vista is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies. At the effective time, Avalara, as the surviving corporation, will be indirectly owned by the Vista Funds and certain institutional investors. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, Parent has obtained equity and debt financing commitments for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the aggregate proceeds of which, together with cash on hand at Avalara, will be used by Parent to pay the aggregate merger consideration and all related fees and expenses of Parent and Merger Sub and to finance the fundamental change offer for the Company’s outstanding convertible debt. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Financing of the Merger.” The Special Meeting The Virtual Special Meeting (see page 26) The special meeting of Avalara shareholders (the “special meeting”) is scheduled to be held virtually on October 14, 2022 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. You will be able to attend the special meeting by visiting www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm, where you will be able to listen to the special meeting, submit questions, and vote. To participate in the special meeting, you must pre-register at www.cesonlineservices.com/avlr22_vm by 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time on Thursday, October 13, 2022. You will not be able to attend the meeting in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. At the special meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the merger agreement (the “merger proposal”). Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Avalara common stock entitled to vote thereon. Purpose of the Special Meeting (see page 26) At the special meeting, Avalara shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals: • to approve the merger agreement (the “merger proposal”); • to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, certain compensation that will or may be paid by Avalara to its named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger (the “named executive officer merger-related compensation advisory proposal”); and • to approve the adjournment of the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional votes for the approval of the merger proposal if there are insufficient votes to approve the merger proposal at the time of the special meeting or to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the accompanying proxy statement is timely provided to Avalara shareholders (the “adjournment proposal”). The Board has unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of Avalara and Avalara shareholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the merger agreement with Parent and Merger Sub providing for the merger in accordance with the WBCA, (ii) adopted the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, in accordance with WBCA and (iii) adopted

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]