DEFM14A 1 d219122ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Under §240.14a-12 CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply) ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) of Schedule 14A (17 CFR 240.14a-101) per Item 1 of this Schedule and Exchange Act Rules 14c-5(g) and 0-11 Table of Contents Dear Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Citrix” or the “Company”), which will be held virtually on Thursday, April 21, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”). Stockholders will be able to attend the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTXS2022SM and using the 16-digit control number included in your proxy materials. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in the accompanying proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 31, 2022 (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among the Company, Picard Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Picard Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Subsidiary”), and solely for the limited purposes described in the Merger Agreement, TIBCO Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (“TIBCO”), which provides for the merger of Merger Subsidiary with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”) on the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. Parent, Merger Subsidiary and TIBCO are entities affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (“Vista”). Vista is partnering with Evergreen Coast Capital Corp., an affiliate of Elliott Investment Management L.P. (“Elliott”), in connection with the Merger. If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $104.00 in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (referred to as “Citrix common stock”) that you own as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, unless you seek and perfect your statutory appraisal rights under Delaware law. After careful consideration, the members of Citrix’s board of directors (the “Citrix Board”): (1) declared that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were advisable and in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders; (2) approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and (3) recommended the adoption of the Merger Agreement to the Company’s stockholders. Accordingly, the Citrix Board recommends a vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and “FOR” each of the other proposals to be voted on at the Special Meeting. The proxy statement accompanying this letter provides you with more specific information concerning the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. We encourage you to read the proxy statement, the accompanying annexes and any documents incorporated by reference in the proxy statement carefully and in their entirety. Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares of Citrix common stock you own . The Merger cannot be completed unless the Merger Agreement is adopted by stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Citrix common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, to ensure your representation at the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTXS2022SM or by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 by following the instructions on the physical proxy card you received in the mail and which are also provided on that website; or, by signing, voting and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope . If you attend the Special Meeting, you may vote electronically at the meeting even if you have Table of Contents previously returned your proxy card or have voted via the Internet or by telephone and your electronic vote at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Citrix common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact Citrix’s proxy solicitor: MacKenzie Partners, Inc. 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor New York, NY 10018 Stockholders may call toll free: 1 (800) 322-2885 Banks and Brokers may call collect: 1 (212) 929-5500 On behalf of the Citrix Board, I thank you for your ongoing support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. Very truly yours, Robert M. Calderoni Chairman of the Board of Directors and Interim Chief Executive Officer and President The accompanying proxy statement is dated March 16, 2022 and is first being mailed to holders of Citrix common stock on or about March 17, 2022. Table of Contents 851 West Cypress Creek Road Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held at 8:00 a.m., Eastern time, on Thursday, April 21, 2022 To the stockholders of Citrix Systems, Inc.: Notice is hereby given that a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Citrix”), will be held virtually on Thursday, April 21, 2022, at 8:00 a.m., Eastern time, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 31, 2022 (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Citrix, Picard Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Picard Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Subsidiary”), and solely for the limited purposes described in the Merger Agreement, TIBCO Software Inc., a Delaware corporation. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into Citrix, with Citrix continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”); 2. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation that may be paid or may become payable to Citrix’s named executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “compensation proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “adjournment proposal”). Only holders of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Citrix common stock”), as of the close of business on March 8, 2022, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting. Citrix continues to use the virtual meeting format to facilitate stockholder attendance and participation by leveraging technology to communicate more effectively and efficiently with stockholders. This format empowers stockholders to participate fully from any location around the world, at no cost. All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Special Meeting. Similar to annual stockholder meetings, Citrix is pleased to conduct the Special Meeting solely online via the Internet through a live webcast and online stockholder tools. Stockholders will be able to attend the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTXS2022SM and by using the 16-digit control number included in their proxy materials. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Board of Directors of Citrix recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, “FOR” the advisory, non-binding compensation proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. Table of Contents Under Delaware law, Citrix stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of Citrix common stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the Merger is completed, but only if such stockholder submits a written demand for appraisal prior to the vote on the Merger Agreement and complies with the other Delaware law procedures for exercising statutory appraisal rights, which are summarized in the section titled “ Appraisal Rights ” in the accompanying proxy statement. The applicable Delaware appraisal statute is also reproduced in its entirety in Annex B to the accompanying proxy statement. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, to ensure your representation at the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTXS2022SM or by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 by following the instructions on the physical proxy card you received in the mail and which are also provided on that website; or by signing, voting and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope . If you attend the Special Meeting, you may vote electronically at the meeting even if you have previously returned your proxy card or have voted via the Internet or by telephone and your electronic vote at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Citrix common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, “FOR” the non-binding, advisory compensation proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. By order of the Board of Directors Antonio G. Gomes Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Fort Lauderdale, Florida March 16, 2022 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, please submit your proxy as soon as possible, whether over the Internet, by telephone or by completing, signing and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares of Citrix common stock in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a Citrix stockholder of record, voting electronically at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to return your proxy card, grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or vote by virtual ballot in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will have no effect on the other proposals. You should carefully read and consider the entire proxy statement and the accompanying annexes, including the Merger Agreement attached as Annex A , along with all of the documents incorporated by reference in the proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement, or need help submitting a proxy to have your shares of Citrix common stock voted, please contact Citrix’s proxy solicitor: MacKenzie Partners, Inc. 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor New York, NY 10018 Stockholders may call toll free: 1 (800) 322-2885 Banks and Brokers may call collect: 1 (212) 929-5500 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY i The Parties (page 11) i The Merger (page 21) ii The Special Meeting (page 12) ii Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Citrix Board (page 38) iii Opinion of Qatalyst Partners (page 41) iii Certain Effects of the Merger (page 53) iv Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Completed (page 54) iv Treatment of Equity Awards (page 71) iv Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 56) v Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management (page 99) v Voting Agreement (page 97) vi Financing of the Merger (page 55) vi Conditions of the Merger (page 92) vii Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (page 68) vii No-Shop; Citrix Board Recommendation Change (page 79) viii Termination (page 93) viii Termination Fees (page 95) ix Appraisal Rights (page 101) x Accounting Treatment (page 65) x Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations (page 65) x Additional Information (page 108) xi QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER 1 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 9 THE PARTIES 11 Citrix Systems, Inc. 11 TIBCO Software Inc. 11 Picard Parent, Inc. 11 Picard Merger Sub, Inc . 11 THE SPECIAL MEETING 12 Date, Time and Place 12 Purpose of the Special Meeting 12 Recommendation of the Citrix Board 12 Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote 12 Quorum 13 Vote Required 13 Voting Procedures 14 Revocation of Proxies 15 Voting in Person 15 Adjournments 16 Voting by Company Directors and Executive Officers 17 Voting Agreement 17 Assistance; Proxy Solicitor 17 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 18 PROPOSAL 2: APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION ADVISORY PROPOSAL 19 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 20 THE MERGER 21 General Description of the Merger 21 Background of the Merger 21 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Citrix Board 38 i Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page Opinion of Qatalyst Partners 41 Certain Financial Projections 49 Certain Effects of the Merger 53 Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Completed 54 Financing of the Merger 55 Limited Guarantees 56 Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 56 Accounting Treatment 65 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 65 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 68 Litigation Related to the Merger 69 Delisting and Deregistration of Citrix Common Stock 69 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 70 The Merger 70 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger 70 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws; Directors and Officers 71 Consideration to be Received in the Merger 71 Treatment of Equity-Based Awards 71 Procedure for Receiving Merger Consideration 72 Representations and Warranties 73 Covenants Regarding Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Effective Time 76 No-Shop; Citrix Board Recommendation Change 79 Reasonable Best Efforts; Antitrust Filings 83 Proxy Statement; Citrix Stockholders Meeting 85 Financing Cooperation 87 Marketing Period 89 Indemnification of Directors and Officers and Insurance 89 Employee Benefits Matters 91 Other Agreements 92 Conditions of the Merger 92 Termination 93 Effect of Termination 94 Termination Fees and Expenses 95 Specific Performance 95 Amendments and Waivers 96 Governing Law 96 VOTING AGREEMENT 97 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 99 APPRAISAL RIGHTS 101 HOUSEHOLDING 107 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 107 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 108 Annex A Agreement and Plan of Merger A-1 Annex B Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware B-1 Annex C Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP C-1 Annex D Voting Agreement D-1 ii Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement and may not contain all of the information about the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that are important to you. You should carefully read this proxy statement in its entirety, including the annexes hereto and the other documents to which we have referred you, for a more complete understanding of the matters being considered at the Special Meeting. You may obtain, without charge, copies of any of the documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) by following the instructions under the section of this proxy statement titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” In this proxy statement: (1) the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” and “Citrix” refer to Citrix Systems, Inc.; (2) the term “Parent” refers to Picard Parent, Inc.; (3) the term “Merger Subsidiary” refers to Picard Merger Sub, Inc.; (4) the term “TIBCO” refers to TIBCO Software Inc.; (5) the term “Vista” refers individually and collectively, as applicable, to Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC and its affiliated funds; (6) the term “Elliott” refers individually and collectively, as applicable, to Elliott Investment Management L.P., Evergreen Coast Capital Corp. and their affiliated funds; (7) the term “Merger Agreement” refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 31, 2022, by and among the Company, Parent, Merger Subsidiary, and solely for the limited purposes described in the Merger Agreement, TIBCO, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; (8) the term “Merger” refers to the merger of Merger Subsidiary with and into Citrix, with Citrix as the surviving corporation as described in the Merger Agreement; (9) the term “Citrix common stock” refers to the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company; and (10) the term “Special Meeting” refers to the special meeting of Citrix stockholders described in this proxy statement, including any adjournments or postponements thereof. The Parties (page 11) Citrix Systems, Inc. Citrix is a Delaware corporation incorporated on April 17, 1989. Citrix is an enterprise software company focused on helping organizations deliver a consistent and secure work experience no matter where work needs to get done — in the office, at home, or in the field. We do this by delivering a digital workspace solution that provides unified, reliable and secure access to all work resources (apps, content, etc.) and simplifies work execution and collaboration across every work channel, device, and location. Our Workspace solutions are complemented by our general work solutions, such as content collaboration and collaborative work management solutions, and our App Delivery and Security solutions, which deliver the applications and data employees need across any network with security, reliability and speed. Shares of Citrix common stock are quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “CTXS.” Our principal executive office is located at 851 West Cypress Creek Road, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309, our telephone number is (954) 267-3000, and our Internet address is http://www.citrix.com. Information on Citrix’s website is not incorporated by reference into or otherwise part of this proxy statement. Additional information about Citrix is contained in our public filings. See the section of this proxy statement titled “ Where You Can Find Additional Information. ” TIBCO Software Inc. TIBCO, a global leader in enterprise data, empowers its customers to connect, unify, and confidently predict business outcomes, solving the world’s most complex data-driven challenges. TIBCO is an indirect subsidiary of an affiliate of Vista, a leading global investment firm focused exclusively on enterprise software, data and technology-enabled businesses. Vista is partnering with Evergreen Coast Capital Corp., an affiliate of Elliott i Table of Contents Investment Management L.P. that focuses on making investments exclusively in technology and technology-enabled services businesses. TIBCO’s principal executive office is located at 3303 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304, and its telephone number is (650) 846-1000. Picard Parent, Inc. Parent was formed by TIBCO solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, Citrix will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Picard Merger Subsidiary, Inc. Merger Subsidiary is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed by Parent solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Upon completion of the Merger, the Merger Subsidiary will cease to exist. The Merger (page 21) The Company, Parent, Merger Subsidiary and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, TIBCO entered into the Merger Agreement on January 31, 2022. A copy of the Merger Agreement is included as Annex A to this proxy statement. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), at the effective time of the Merger, Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger Subsidiary will thereupon cease, and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. From time to time in this proxy statement, we refer to Citrix as it will exist after the completion of the Merger as the “surviving corporation.” At the effective time of the Merger, and without any action by any stockholder, each share of Citrix common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares held by the Company as treasury stock, owned by Parent or Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger or as to which holders thereof have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL) will be automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $104.00, without interest (which is referred to as the “merger consideration”), less any applicable withholding taxes. The Special Meeting (page 12) Date, Time and Place The Special Meeting will be held virtually on Thursday, April 21, 2022, at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time. At the Special Meeting, holders of Citrix common stock will be asked to, among other things, vote for the adoption of the Merger Agreement. All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Special Meeting. Citrix is conducting the Special Meeting solely online via the Internet through a live webcast and online stockholder tools. Stockholders will be able to attend the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTXS2022SM and by using the 16-digit control number included in their proxy materials. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. ii Table of Contents Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote Only holders of Citrix common stock of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2022, the record date for the Special Meeting, are entitled to receive notice of and to vote the shares of Citrix common stock they held on the record date at the Special Meeting. As of the close of business on the record date, 125,913,152 shares of Citrix common stock were issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. Quorum The representation in person or by proxy of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Citrix common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting, or 62,956,577 shares of Citrix common stock, is necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Vote Required On each of the proposals presented at the Special Meeting, each holder of Citrix common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Citrix common stock held by such stockholder on the record date. The adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of Citrix common stock requires the affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Citrix common stock entitled to vote as of the close of business on the record date. The approval of the compensation proposal and adjournment proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies each requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Citrix common stock present, in person or represented by proxy, and voting on such matter. The approval of the compensation proposal is advisory and non-binding and is not a condition to the completion of the Merger. Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Citrix Board (page 38) After careful consideration, the Citrix Board: (1) declared that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were advisable and in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders; (2) approved the Merger Agreement

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]