DEFM14A 1 d309545ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 ANAPLAN, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Anaplan, Inc. 50 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94105 May 2, 2022 To the Stockholders of Anaplan, Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders (the “ Special Meeting ”) of Anaplan, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Anaplan ”, the “ Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, or “ our ”) to be held virtually via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PLAN20225M at 8:00 am Pacific Time on June 9, 2022. Anaplan will hold the Special Meeting in a virtual meeting format only on the virtual meeting website. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. On March 20, 2022, Anaplan entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”) by and among Anaplan, Alpine Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Parent ”), and Alpine Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Merger Sub ”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliates of Thoma Bravo Fund XV, L.P. (“ Sponsor ”), and Parent, Merger Sub and Sponsor are each affiliates of the private equity firm Thoma Bravo, L.P. (“ Thoma Bravo ”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Anaplan (the “ Merger ”), and Anaplan will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $66.00 in cash, net of applicable withholding taxes and without interest, for each share of common stock that you own (unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights with respect to those shares), which represents a premium of approximately 46% to the five (5)-day volume-weighted average stock price of Anaplan’s common stock for the period ended March 18, 2022, the last trading day prior to the date on which Anaplan publicly announced that it had entered into the Merger Agreement. The Board of Directors of Anaplan (the “ Board of Directors ” or the “ Anaplan Board ”), after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement (this “ Proxy Statement ”) and after consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors, has unanimously (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, to be advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Anaplan and its stockholders, (2) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the Merger, in accordance with the requirements of the DGCL, (3) recommended that Anaplan’s stockholders approve the Merger and the adoption of the Merger Agreement and (4) resolved that the Merger Agreement shall be submitted to Anaplan’s stockholders for approval at a special meeting of Anaplan stockholders duly held in accordance with the DGCL and the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Anaplan Board unanimously recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting; and (3) “FOR” the proposal to approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable by Anaplan to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. The enclosed Proxy Statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Anaplan Board in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. You may also obtain additional information about the Company from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Table of Contents Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Anaplan common stock. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually through the online Special Meeting portal, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone. If you attend the Special Meeting virtually and vote in person by ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. The failure to instruct your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to vote your shares of our common stock “FOR” approval of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our Proxy Solicitor: 509 Madison Avenue Suite 1206 New York, NY 10022 Banks and Brokers Call: (203) 561-6945 Stockholders Call Toll Free: (800) 662-5200 Email: PLAN@investor.morrowsodali.com On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of this matter. Sincerely, Frank Calderoni Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The accompanying Proxy Statement is dated May 2, 2022 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed on or about May 2, 2022. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, including the proposed Merger, or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the information contained in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Table of Contents Anaplan, Inc. 50 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94105 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 9, 2022 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders (the “ Special Meeting ”) of Anaplan, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Anaplan ”, the “Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, or “ our ”), will be held virtually via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PLAN20225M at 8:00 am Pacific Time on June 9, 2022, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”), dated March 20, 2022, by and among Anaplan, Alpine Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Parent ”), and Alpine Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Merger Sub ”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliates of Thoma Bravo Fund XV, L.P. (“ Sponsor ”), and Parent, Merger Sub and Sponsor are each affiliates of the private equity firm Thoma Bravo, L.P. (“ Thoma Bravo ”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Anaplan (the “ Merger ”), and Anaplan will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; 2. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting; and 3. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable by Anaplan to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 26, 2022 are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof. The Board of Directors has unanimously (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, to be advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Anaplan and its stockholders, (2) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the Merger, in accordance with the requirements of the DGCL, (3) recommended that Anaplan’s stockholders approve the Merger and the adoption of the Merger Agreement and (4) resolved that the Merger Agreement shall be submitted to Anaplan’s stockholders for approval at a special meeting of Anaplan stockholders duly held in accordance with the DGCL and the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Board of Directors made its determination after consideration of a number of factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement (this “ Proxy Statement ”). The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting; and (3) “FOR” the proposal to approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable by Anaplan to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually through the online Special Meeting portal at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PLAN20225M , please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone. If you attend the Special Meeting virtually and vote in person by ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy card or fail to submit your proxy by telephone or the Internet, your shares of common stock of the Company will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. Table of Contents Stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting and their duly appointed proxies may attend, be deemed present in person and vote at the Special Meeting, and access the list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting during the Special Meeting, at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ PLAN20225M using the control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. The failure to instruct your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to vote your shares of common stock “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. Stockholders who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of Anaplan common stock if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the Merger Agreement and comply with the applicable requirements of Delaware law, which are summarized herein and reproduced in their entirety in Annex D to the accompanying Proxy Statement. By the Order of the Board of Directors, Frank Calderoni Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dated: May 2, 2022 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO VIRTUALLY ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING THROUGH THE ONLINE PORTAL, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) THROUGH THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a stockholder of record, voting virtually at the Special Meeting through the online portal at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ PLAN20225M will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to either (1) return your proxy card; (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone; or (3) virtually attend the Special Meeting personally or by proxy through the online portal, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will have no effect on the other two proposals. We encourage you to read the accompanying Proxy Statement and its annexes carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying Proxy Statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying Proxy Statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our Proxy Solicitor: 509 Madison Avenue Suite 1206 New York, NY 10022 Banks and Brokers Call: (203) 561-6945 Stockholders Call Toll Free: (800) 662-5200 Email: PLAN@investor.morrowsodali.com Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SUMMARY 1 Parties Involved in the Merger 1 The Special Meeting 2 The Merger 3 Treatment of Equity-Based Awards 3 Financing of the Merger 4 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 5 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 5 Recommendation of the Board of Directors 6 Opinions of Anaplan’s Financial Advisors 6 Interests of Anaplan’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 7 Appraisal Rights 8 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 9 Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger 9 Acquisition Proposals 9 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Change in Recommendation 10 Termination of the Merger Agreement 10 Termination Fees 11 Effect on Anaplan if the Merger is Not Completed 12 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 13 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 22 THE SPECIAL MEETING 24 Date, Time and Place 24 Purpose of the Special Meeting 24 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum 24 Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 24 Shares Held by Anaplan’s Directors and Executive Officers 25 Voting of Proxies 25 Revocability of Proxies 26 Board of Directors’ Recommendation 26 Solicitation of Proxies 26 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 27 Appraisal Rights 27 Other Matters 27 Householding of Special Meeting Materials 28 Questions and Additional Information 28 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 29 PROPOSAL 2: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING 30 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY, NON-BINDING VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS 31 THE MERGER 32 Parties Involved in the Merger 32 Effect of the Merger 33 Effect on Anaplan if the Merger is Not Completed 33 Merger Consideration 33 Background of the Merger 34 Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 47 Opinions of Anaplan’s Financial Advisors 54 Certain Financial Projections 68 i Table of Contents Page Interests of Anaplan’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 71 Financing of the Merger 77 Limited Guaranty 78 Closing and Effective Time 79 Appraisal Rights 79 Accounting Treatment 84 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 84 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 87 Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger 87 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 89 Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement 89 Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws 89 Closing and Effective Time 90 Merger Consideration 90 Exchange and Payment Procedures 92 Representations and Warranties 92 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 95 Acquisition Proposals 98 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Change in Recommendation 100 Employee Benefits 103 Financing Efforts 104 Other Investors 107 Management 107 Efforts to Close the Merger 107 Indemnification and Insurance 109 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 109 Termination of the Merger Agreement 111 Termination Fees 112 Specific Performance 113 Fees and Expenses 114 Amendment 114 Governing Law 114 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 115 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 118 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 119 MISCELLANEOUS 120 ANNEX A: THE MERGER AGREEMENT A-1 ANNEX B: FAIRNESS OPINION OF GOLDMAN SACHS B-1 ANNEX C: FAIRNESS OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS C-1 ANNEX D: SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE D-1 PROXY CARD ii Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement (the “ Proxy Statement ”) related to the merger of Alpine Merger Sub, Inc. with and into Anaplan, Inc., which we refer to as the “ Merger ”, and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read this entire Proxy Statement, including the annexes to this Proxy Statement. The Merger Agreement (as defined below) is attached as Annex A to this Proxy Statement. We encourage you to read the Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger, carefully and in its entirety. Each item in this summary includes a page reference directing you to a more complete description of the item in this Proxy Statement. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this Proxy Statement, “ Anaplan ”, the “ Company ”, “ we ”, “ our ”, “ us ” and similar words refer to Anaplan, Inc., including, in certain cases, our subsidiaries. Throughout this Proxy Statement, we refer to Alpine Parent, LLC as “ Parent ” and Alpine Merger Sub, Inc. as “ Merger Sub ”. In addition, throughout this Proxy Statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 20, 2022, by and among Anaplan, Parent and Merger Sub, as it may be amended from time to time, as the “ Merger Agreement ”. Parties Involved in the Merger (Page 32) Anaplan, Inc. Anaplan is a market-leading cloud-native enterprise SaaS company, transforming how enterprises across industries see, plan, and drive their business. Powered by our proprietary calculation engine and Hyperblock ® technology, our platform lets customers model what-if scenarios, contextualize current performance in real time, and forecast future outcomes for faster, more confident decisions. Embracing constant change, our customers use Anaplan to rapidly pivot strategies, redeploy resources, and optimize plans for growth, efficiency, demand, and profitability. Anaplan equips teams to overcome obstacles and seize opportunities ahead of competitors. Anaplan’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“ NYSE ”) under the symbol “PLAN”. Alpine Parent, LLC Alpine Parent, LLC was formed on March 16, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of equity and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Alpine Merger Sub, Inc. Alpine Merger Sub, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed on March 16, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of equity and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Thoma Bravo Fund XV, L.P. (“ Sponsor ”). In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Sponsor has provided to Parent an equity commitment of up to $10,500,000,000 (pursuant to the terms and conditions as described further under the caption “ The Merger—Financing of the Merger ”). Parent has separately obtained debt financing commitments and does not presently anticipate that the entire $10,500,000,000 equity commitment under the Equity Commitment Letter will be funded in equity in connection with the closing. 1 Table of Contents Parent, Merger Sub and Sponsor are affiliated with the private equity firm Thoma Bravo, L.P. (“ Thoma Bravo ”). Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. The Special Meeting (Page 24) Date, Time and Place A special meeting of stockholders of Anaplan (the “ Special Meeting ”) will be held virtually via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ PLAN20225M at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time on June 9, 2022. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically. Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote You are entitled to vote at the Special Meeting if you owned shares of common stock at the close of business on April 26, 2022 (the “ Record Date ”). You will have one vote at the Special Meeting for each share of common stock that you owned at the close of business on the Record Date. Purpose At the Special Meeting, we will ask stockholders to vote on proposals to (1) adopt the Merger Agreement; (2) adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting; and (3) approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable by Anaplan to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. Quorum As of the Record Date, there were 150,476,816 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. The holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person, present by means of remote communication in a manner, if any, authorized by Anaplan’s Board of Directors (the “ Anaplan Board ”) in its sole discretion, or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at the Special Meeting. Required Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Anaplan common stock is required to adopt the Merger Agreement. Approval of the proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively on the subject matter. Approval, by non-binding, advisory vote, of compensation that will or may become payable to Anaplan’s executive officers in connection with the Merger requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast votes affirmatively or negatively on the subject matter. Share Ownership of Our Directors and Executive Officers As of the Record Date, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate, 6,624,066 shares of common stock, representing approximately 4.3% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the Record Date. 2 Table of Contents Voting and Proxies Any stockholder of record entitled to vote may submit a proxy by returning a signed proxy card by mail in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or granting a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or may vote in person by appearing at the Special Meeting (which will be held by live webcast). If you are a beneficial owner and hold your shares of common stock in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares of common stock using the instructions provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. Under applicable stock exchange rules, banks, brokers or other nominees have the discretion to vote on routine matters. The proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting are non-routine matters, and hence banks, brokers and other nominees cannot vote on these proposals without your instructions. Therefore, it is important that you cast your vote or instruct your bank, broker or nominee on how you wish to vote your shares. If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting by (1) signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it prior to the Special Meeting; (2) submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier submitted proxy; (3) delivering a written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary; or (4) virtually attending the Special Meeting and submitting your vote through the online portal. If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name,” you should contact your bank, broker or other nominee for instructions regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the Special Meeting if you obtain a “legal proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee. The Merger (Page 32) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, if the Merger is completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into Anaplan, and Anaplan will continue as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Surviving Corporation ”). As a result of the Merger, Anaplan will cease to be a publicly traded company, all outstanding

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]