DEFM14A 1 d268336ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 MIMECAST LIMITED (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: In accordance with Section 14(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the filing fee was determined by multiplying ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount previously paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents MIMECAST LIMITED 1 Finsbury Avenue London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom TRANSACTION PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT Dear Mimecast Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend two special meetings of the shareholders of Mimecast Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey (“ Mimecast ” or the “ Company ”), which will be held at Mimecast’s offices located at 1 Finsbury Avenue, London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom. The first, the special meeting of Company Shareholders (and any adjournment or postponement thereof) ordered by the Royal Court of Jersey (the “ Court ”) (the “ Scheme Meeting ”), is to be held on March 11, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (London Time), and the second, the extraordinary general meeting of the Company Shareholders (and any adjournment or postponement thereof), is to be held on March 11, 2022 at 10:15 a.m. (London Time) (the “ Company GM ” and together with the Scheme Meeting the “ Meetings ” or the “ special meetings ”), or, if the Scheme Meeting has not concluded by March 11, 2022, at 10:15 a.m. (London Time), as soon as possible after the conclusion of the Scheme Meeting. Mimecast believes it is important to hold the Meetings at our global headquarters in London, United Kingdom and, as a result, we intend to conduct the Meetings in person. However, Mimecast continues to actively monitor the global coronavirus (“ COVID-19 ”) pandemic. Mimecast remains sensitive to the public health and travel concerns Mimecast’s directors, officers and shareholders may have and the protocols that governments in the United Kingdom, the European Union and the United States may impose regarding travel and public gatherings. In the event it is not advisable or possible to hold the Meetings in person, we will announce alternative arrangements for the Meetings as promptly as practicable, which alternatives may include any one or more of the following options: (i) limiting the number of attendees who are permitted to join the Meetings in person, (ii) limiting in person attendance to a limited number of members of Mimecast’s Board of Directors and restricting shareholders from attending in person, (iii) establishing more than one formal venue at which the in person Meetings will be simultaneously held, or (iv) another reasonable alternative determined by the Board of Directors in its discretion. As previously announced, on December 7, 2021, Magnesium Bidco Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England & Wales (the “ Buyer ”), entered into a Transaction Agreement (the “ Transaction Agreement ”) with Mimecast Limited pursuant to which Buyer will acquire the entire issued share capital of Mimecast Limited in a transaction which is referred to as the “Transaction” or the “acquisition”. The Transaction Agreement provides for the implementation of the scheme of arrangement pursuant to which Buyer will acquire all of Mimecast’s shares then outstanding as of the time that an act of the Court sanctioning the scheme of arrangement has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey for registration (the “ Effective Time ”) and Company Shareholders (as defined in the proxy statement) will be entitled, in accordance with the terms of the scheme of arrangement, to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to $80.00 per Mimecast ordinary share that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the “ Per Share Consideration ”). The Board of Directors of Mimecast (the “ Company Board ”), after considering the factors more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement, has: (1) determined that the acquisition by Buyer of the entire issued share capital of Mimecast and the scheme of arrangement are in the best interests of Mimecast and its shareholders, and declared it advisable to enter into the Transaction Agreement; (2) approved the execution, Table of Contents delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the acquisition by Buyer of the entire issued share capital of Mimecast and the scheme of arrangement; and (3) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of Mimecast vote FOR the approval of the scheme of arrangement at the Scheme Meeting and the passing of the special resolution to authorize the Company Board to take all such action as they may consider necessary or appropriate for carrying out the Scheme (as defined in the proxy statement) into full effect and to alter the Company’s articles of association for purposes thereof. The Company Board recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of all proposals presented in the accompanying proxy statement. The accompanying proxy statement provides detailed information about the Meetings, the Transaction Agreement and the Transaction. A copy of the Transaction Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. Beneficial Owners Shareholders who beneficially own Company shares (as defined in the proxy statement) for which Cede & Co. is the registered holder (as nominee for The Depository Trust Company) and whose interests in Company shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee are referred to as “beneficial owners” or “beneficial holders”. Beneficial holders as of the close of business on February 8, 2022 (the “Beneficial Holder Record Time”) will be entitled to direct their brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees how to vote such beneficially held shares at the Meetings. If you are a beneficial owner, only your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee can vote your Company shares and the vote cannot be cast unless you provide instructions to your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee or obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. You should follow the directions provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee regarding how to instruct such person to vote your Company shares. Because the accompanying proxy statement relates to two separate special meetings, beneficial holders will receive voting instructions applicable to each special meeting from their broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. Beneficial holders should follow the directions provided by their broker, bank, trustee or other nominee regarding how to instruct such broker, bank, trustee or nominee to vote their beneficially held shares. Please note that beneficial holders of shares held through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee may be required to submit voting instructions to their applicable broker, bank, trustee or nominee at or prior to the deadline applicable for such submission and such holders should, therefore, follow the separate instructions that will be provided by such broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. Shareholders of Record Shareholders of record whose names appear on the register of Mimecast as of 6:00 p.m. (London time) on the date which is two (2) business days prior to the Scheme Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Scheme Meeting (as the case may be) (the “ Voting Record Time ”) are entitled to attend and vote at the Meetings or they may appoint another person or persons, whether a Company Shareholder or not, as their proxy or proxies, to exercise all or any of their rights to attend, speak and vote at the Meetings. As used herein, “ business day ” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York or the Bailiwick of Jersey are authorized or required by applicable law to close or, in the case of the Bailiwick of Jersey, are customarily closed for normal banking business. Shareholders of record are receiving two mailings, one mailing that includes a form of proxy with instructions for voting at the Scheme Meeting and a second mailing that includes a form of proxy with instructions for voting at the Company GM. You are encouraged to submit a form of proxy (or vote over the internet following the instructions in the form of proxy) for each of the Scheme Meeting and the Company GM as soon as possible. You are being asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the scheme of arrangement at the Scheme Meeting. At the Company GM, you are being asked (i) to authorize the Company Board to take all actions as they consider necessary or appropriate for carrying the scheme of arrangement into effect and to amend the Company’s articles of association for purposes thereof and (ii) to approve, on a non-binding, advisory Table of Contents basis, the golden parachute compensation, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the Golden Parachute Compensation Table and the footnotes to that table contained in the section of the accompanying proxy statement captioned “ The Transaction—Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction ”. More information about the transaction and the proposals is contained in the accompanying proxy statement. We urge all Company shareholders to read the accompanying proxy statement, including the annexes and the documents incorporated by reference therein, carefully and in their entirety. It is expected that the Company’s directors and executive officers will vote “ FOR ” each of the proposals at the Scheme Meeting and the Company GM, although none of them have entered into any agreement or instrument requiring them to do so, except with respect to certain executive officers and directors who have executed irrevocable undertakings as described below under the heading “ The Transaction Agreement—Irrevocable Undertakings ” beginning on page 105. In considering the recommendation of the Board, you should be aware that certain directors and executive officers of Mimecast have interests in the proposed transaction that are in addition to, or different from, any interests they might have as shareholders. See “ The Transaction—Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction ” beginning on page 71 of the accompanying proxy statement for more information. Your vote is very important. Please vote as soon as possible, whether or not you plan to attend the special meetings, by following the instructions in the accompanying proxy statement. Subject to the approvals of the scheme proposal at the Scheme Meeting and the proposal to amend the Company’s articles of association at the Company GM and the satisfaction of the other conditions to the completion of the Transaction, it is anticipated that the Court hearing of the application to sanction said scheme of arrangement (the “ Court Hearing ”) will take place in the first half of 2022. Company Shareholders are entitled to attend and be heard at the Court Hearing, either in person or through a Jersey advocate, to support or oppose the Scheme. The Company will disclose the date of the Court Hearing by public announcement and SEC filing after it has been scheduled and not less than 14 days before the Court Hearing. Thank you for being a Mimecast shareholder. We look forward to seeing you at the Meetings. Sincerely, Peter Bauer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Transaction or the securities to be issued in connection with the Transaction or determined if the accompanying proxy statement is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated February 9, 2022 and is first being mailed on or about February 9, 2022. Table of Contents ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The accompanying proxy statement incorporates by reference important business and financial information about Mimecast Limited from documents that are not included in or delivered with the proxy statement. This information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. The documents incorporated by reference will not be provided to you unless they are requested by you. You can obtain the documents incorporated by reference in the proxy statement by requesting them in writing, by telephone or by visiting the investor relations website as follows: Mimecast Limited c/o Mimecast North America, Inc. 191 Spring Street, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421 USA Attention: Investor Relations Email: Investors@mimecast.com Phone: (617) 393-7074 In addition, if you have questions about the transaction or the special meetings, or if you need to obtain copies of the accompanying proxy statement, forms of proxy or other documents incorporated by reference in the proxy statement, you may contact Mimecast’s proxy solicitation firm listed below. You will not be charged for any of the documents you request. Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, NY 10022 Shareholders Call Toll-free: (877) 456-3463 Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 750-5833 If you would like to request documents, please do so by noon (London time) on March 4, 2022 in order to ensure timely delivery of the documents before the special meetings. For a more detailed description of the information incorporated by reference in the accompanying proxy statement and how you may obtain it, see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 121 of the accompanying proxy statement. Table of Contents MIMECAST LIMITED 1 Finsbury Avenue London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom NOTICE OF SCHEME MEETING IN THE ROYAL COURT OF JERSEY SAMEDI DIVISION File No. 2022/010 IN THE MATTER OF MIMECAST LIMITED – and – IN THE MATTER OF ARTICLE 125 OF THE COMPANIES (JERSEY) LAW 1991 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, by an Act of the Court dated February 2, 2022 made in the above matters, the Royal Court of Jersey (the “ Court ”) has ordered a meeting (the “ Scheme Meeting ”) to be convened of the holders of the Company Shares (as defined in the proposed scheme of arrangement that is included in the accompanying proxy statement) of Mimecast Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey (“ Mimecast ”) for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving the following resolution to approve a scheme of arrangement (the “ Scheme ”) proposed to be made pursuant to Part 18A of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended (the “ Companies Law ”), between Mimecast and the holders of the Scheme Shares (as defined in the proposed scheme of arrangement that is included in the accompanying proxy statement), and that the Scheme Meeting will be held at Mimecast’s offices located at 1 Finsbury Avenue, London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom on March 11, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (London time), unless adjourned or postponed: “That the Scheme in its original form or with or subject to any modification(s), addition(s) or condition(s) approved or imposed by the Royal Court of Jersey be agreed to.” Mimecast believes it is important to hold the Scheme Meeting at our global headquarters in London, United Kingdom and, as a result, we intend to conduct the Scheme Meeting in person. However, Mimecast continues to actively monitor the global coronavirus (“ COVID-19 ”) pandemic. Mimecast remains sensitive to the public health and travel concerns Mimecast’s directors, officers and shareholders may have and the protocols that governments in the United Kingdom, the European Union and the United States may impose regarding travel and public gatherings. In the event it is not advisable or possible to hold the Scheme Meeting in person, we will announce alternative arrangements for the Scheme Meeting as promptly as practicable, which alternatives may include any one or more of the following options: (i) limiting the number of attendees who are permitted to join the Scheme Meeting in person, (ii) limiting in person attendance to a limited number of members of Mimecast’s Board of Directors and restricting shareholders from attending in person, (iii) establishing more than one formal venue at which the in person Scheme Meeting will be simultaneously held, or (iv) another reasonable alternative determined by the Board of Directors in its discretion. A copy of the Scheme and a copy of the explanatory statement required to be published pursuant to Article 126 of the Companies Law are included in the proxy statement of which this Notice forms a part. By the said Act of the Court, the Court has appointed Peter Bauer or, failing him, any other director of Mimecast, to act as Chairman of the Scheme Meeting and has directed the Chairman to report the result thereof to the Court. Table of Contents The proxy statement contains further instructions in relation to the Scheme and the Scheme Meeting and should be read in its entirety. The Scheme will be subject to the subsequent sanction of the Court. Shareholders of Record and Beneficial Holders Shareholders whose names appear in the register of shareholders of Mimecast are referred to as “shareholders of record”. Shareholders of record as of the Voting Record Time (as defined below) are entitled to attend and vote at the Scheme Meeting or they may appoint another person or persons, whether a shareholder of Mimecast or not, as their proxy or proxies, to exercise all or any of their rights to attend, speak and vote at the Scheme Meeting. Shareholders who beneficially own Company shares for which Cede & Co. is the registered holder (as nominee for The Depository Trust Company) and whose interests in Company Shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee are referred to as “beneficial owners” or “beneficial holders.” Beneficial holders as of the Beneficial Holder Record Time (as defined below) will be entitled to direct their brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees how to vote such beneficially held shares at the Scheme Meeting. Only a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee of a beneficial holder can vote such beneficially held shares and the vote cannot be cast unless such beneficial holder provides instructions to such broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, or obtains a legal proxy from such broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, which entitles such beneficial holder to vote such shares as a proxy for the shareholder of record. All shareholders of record as of the close of business (London time) on February 8, 2022 will receive this Notice. Beneficial holders will receive voting instructions from their broker, bank, trustee or other nominee for the Scheme Meeting. Right to Appoint a Proxy; Procedure for Appointment A form of proxy for use at the Scheme Meeting is being mailed to shareholders of record. To be valid, a form of proxy should be completed and returned in accordance with the instructions set out on the form. A form of proxy duly completed and signed, together with any power of attorney, if any, under which it is signed, should be returned in accordance with the instructions set out in the form as promptly as possible and no later than 11:59 p.m. (London time) on March 10 , 2022. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a shareholder of record as of the Voting Record Time from attending the Scheme Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, if that shareholder wishes to do so. Beneficial holders will receive voting instructions from their broker, bank, trustee or other nominee for the Scheme Meeting. Beneficial holders should follow the directions provided by their broker, bank, trustee or other nominee regarding how to instruct such broker, bank, trustee or other nominee to vote their beneficially held shares. Please note that beneficial holders of shares through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee may be required to submit voting instructions to their applicable broker, bank, trustee or other nominee at or prior to the deadline applicable for such submission and such holders should, therefore, follow the separate instructions that will be provided by such broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. If the form of proxy is properly executed and returned, it will be voted in the manner directed by the shareholder executing it, or if no directions are given, it will be voted at the discretion of the individuals referred to on the form of proxy or any other person duly appointed as proxy by the shareholder. Where the chairman of the special meetings is appointed proxy, the chairman will vote in favor of each resolution if not directed otherwise. In the case of a corporation, the form of proxy must be signed by a duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. Table of Contents Voting Record Time Shareholders of record entitled to attend and vote at the Scheme Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and the number of votes which may be cast, will be determined by reference to the register of shareholders of Mimecast as of 6:00 p.m. (London time) on the date which is two (2) business days prior to the Scheme Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Scheme Meeting (as the case may be) (the “ Voting Record Time ”). Beneficial Holder Record Time Only beneficial holders as of the close of business on February 8, 2022 (the “ Beneficial Holder Record Time ”) will be entitled to direct their brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees how to vote such beneficially held shares at the Scheme Meeting. Joint Holders In the case of joint holders of Company Shares that are shareholders of record, the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote (in person or by proxy) will be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s). For this purpose, seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of the holders stand in the register of shareholders of Mimecast in respect of such joint holding. Issued Shares and Total Voting Rights As of February 4, 2022, the total number of issued and outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote at the Scheme Meeting is 66,947,794. The proposal to approve the Scheme at the Scheme Meeting shall be decided on a poll. Every holder of a Company Share that is entitled to vote (in person or by proxy) will have one vote for every Company Share carrying voting rights of which he, she or it is the holder. The Scheme Proposal must be approved by a resolution of a majority in number of the Company Shareholders representing three-quarters (75%) or more of the votes cast by those Company Shareholders who (being entitled to do so) vote in person or by proxy at the Scheme Meeting (or at any adjournment or postponement of such meeting). YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS ARE RECEIVING TWO MAILINGS, ONE MAILING THAT INCLUDES A FORM OF PROXY WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR VOTING AT THE SCHEME MEETING AND A SECOND MAILING THAT INCLUDES A FORM OF PROXY WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR VOTING AT THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING. YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO VOTE AT EACH MEETING. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT AS MANY VOTES AS POSSIBLE ARE CAST AT THE SCHEME MEETING (IN PERSON OR BY PROXY) SO THAT THE COURT CAN BE SATISFIED THAT THERE IS A FAIR AND REASONABLE REPRESENTATION OF COMPANY SHAREHOLDER OPINION. TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE SCHEME MEETING, YOU ARE REQUESTED TO COMPLETE, SIGN AND DATE THE FORM OF PROXY FOR THE SCHEME MEETING AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE AND RETURN IT IN THE POSTAGE PREPAID ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE OR VOTE OVER THE INTERNET FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED IN THE FORM OF PROXY. IF YOU ARE A SHAREHOLDER OF RECORD AND ATTEND THE SCHEME MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE DURING THE MEETING EVEN IF YOU HAVE RETURNED A COMPLETED FORM OF PROXY. Dated February 9, 2022 Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 22 Grenville Street St. Helier JE4 8PX Jersey Solicitors for Mimecast Table of Contents MIMECAST LIMITED 1 Finsbury Avenue London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF MIMECAST LIMITED NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (the “ Company GM ” or the “ Extraordinary General Meeting ”) of Mimecast Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey (“ Mimecast ”), will be held at Mimecast’s offices located at 1 Finsbury Avenue, London EC2M 2PF, United Kingdom on March 11, 2022 at 10:15 a.m. (London Time), unless adjourned or postponed or, if the Scheme Meeting (as defined in the Transaction Agreement that is included in the accompanying proxy statement of which this Notice forms a part (the “ Scheme ”)) has not concluded by 10:15 a.m. (London Time), as soon as possible after the conclusion of the Scheme Meeting, for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, passing the following resolutions. SPECIAL RESOLUTION 1. THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the Scheme, in its original form or subject to such modification, addition or condition approved or imposed by the Royal Court of Jersey (the “ Court ”) and agreed by Mimecast and Magnesium Bidco Limited (“ Magnesium Bidco Limited ”): the directors of Mimecast (or a duly authorized committee thereof) be authorized to take all such action as they may consider necessary or appropriate for carrying the Scheme into full effect and with effect from the passing of this resolution, the Articles of Association of Mimecast be and are hereby amended by the adoption and inclusion of the following new Article 241: 241 SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT 241.1 In this Article 241: (a) Magnesium Bidco Limited means Magnesium Bidco Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England & Wales; and (b) the Scheme means the Scheme of Arrangement dated February 9, 2022 between the Company and the Scheme Shareholders (as defined in the Scheme) under Article 125 of the Companies Law in its original form or with or subject to any modification, addition or condition approved or imposed by the Royal Court of Jersey and agreed by the Company and Magnesium Bidco Limited and (save as defined in this Article) expressions defined in the Scheme shall have the same meanings in this Article. 241.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles or the terms of any resolution passed by the Company in the Extraordinary General Meeting, if the Company issues any shares (other than to Magnesium Bidco Limited or its nominee(s)) on or after the Voting Record Time and at or prior to the Scheme Record Time, such shares shall be issued subject to the terms of the Scheme (and shall be Scheme Shares for the purposes thereof) and the original or any subsequent holder or holders of such shares shall be bound by the Scheme accordingly. 241.3 Subject to the Scheme becoming effective, and notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles, if any shares are issued to any person (other than Magnesium Bidco Limited or its nominee(s)) (the “ New Table of Contents Member ”) after the Scheme Record Time (the “ Post-Scheme Shares ”), such New Member shall be obliged to transfer forthwith the Post-Scheme Shares, free from encumbrances, held by the New Member (or any subsequent holder of any nominee of such New Member or any such subsequent holder), to Magnesium Bidco Limited (or as Magnesium Bidco Limited may direct) in consideration of and conditional on the payment, subject to any required withholding of taxes, of $80.00 to the New Member for every one (1) Post-Scheme Share. 241

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]