DEFM14A 1 ny20028706x3_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under § 240.14a-12 HASHICORP, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS HashiCorp, Inc. 101 Second Street, Suite 700 San Francisco, California 94105 ​ This special meeting described in these materials relates only to the proposed transaction with IBM. We will separately be holding our annual meeting of stockholders, which is unrelated to the proposed transaction. ​ Dear Fellow Stockholders of HashiCorp, Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders (which we refer to, together with any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof, as the “ special meeting ”) of HashiCorp, Inc. (which we refer to as “ HashiCorp ,” “ we ,” “ our ,” “ us ” and similar words). The special meeting will be held on Monday, July 15, 2024, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time. You may attend the special meeting via a live interactive webcast on the internet at https://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HCP2024SM . You will be able to listen to the special meeting live and vote online. We believe that a virtual meeting provides expanded access, improved communication and cost savings for our stockholders. At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 24, 2024 (which we refer to, as it may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived, in each case from time to time, as the “ merger agreement ”), by and among International Business Machines Corporation, a New York corporation (which we refer to as “ IBM ”), McCloud Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM (which we refer to as “ Sub ”), and HashiCorp. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Sub will merge with and into HashiCorp, with HashiCorp surviving the merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM. We refer to the merger of Sub with and into HashiCorp as the “ merger .” At the special meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote on proposals to (1) approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by HashiCorp to our named executive officers in connection with the merger; and (2) adjourn the special meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. If the merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $35.00 in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock that you own immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights with respect to such shares). This amount represents a premium of approximately 43 percent over HashiCorp’s closing stock price on April 22, 2024, the last day prior to media reports that IBM was nearing an acquisition of HashiCorp. HashiCorp’s Board of Directors, after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, unanimously: (1) approved and declared advisable the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and (2) declared that it is in the best interests of HashiCorp and its stockholders to enter into the merger agreement and consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement. HashiCorp’s Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement; (2) “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, compensation that will or may become payable by HashiCorp to our named executive officers in connection with the merger; and (3) “FOR” the proposal to adjourn the special meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. The proxy statement to which this notice is attached provides detailed information about the special meeting, the merger agreement, the merger, the actions and determinations of HashiCorp’s Board of Directors in connection TABLE OF CONTENTS with its evaluation of the merger agreement and the merger, and the other proposals to be considered at the special meeting. A copy of the merger agreement, as well as the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation in the merger included as an exhibit to the merger agreement, is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. All such documents are considered attached to this notice. Please read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the merger agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. Even if you plan to attend the special meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card (a prepaid reply envelope is provided for your convenience) or grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card). If you attend and vote at the special meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy or attend the special meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting or be voted at the special meeting, and if a quorum is present, that will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the special meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the special meeting without your instructions. Without your instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting or be voted at the special meeting, and, if a quorum is present, that will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders may call toll free: (877) 750-8240 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of HashiCorp’s Board of Directors, thank you for your support. Very truly yours, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ David McJannet ​ ​ Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors ​ ​ The accompanying proxy statement is dated June 13, 2024, and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being sent to stockholders on or about June 13, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS HashiCorp, Inc. 101 Second Street, Suite 700 San Francisco, California 94105 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA WEBCAST ON JULY 15, 2024 ​ This special meeting described in these materials relates only to the proposed transaction with IBM. We will separately be holding our annual meeting of stockholders, which is unrelated to the proposed transaction. ​ Notice is given that a special meeting of stockholders (which we refer to, together with any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof, as the “ special meeting ”) of HashiCorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “ HashiCorp ,” “ we ,” “ our ,” “ us ” and similar words) will be held on Monday, July 15, 2024, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 24, 2024 (which we refer to, as it may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived, in each case from time to time, as the “ merger agreement ”), by and among International Business Machines Corporation, a New York corporation (which we refer to as “ IBM ”), McCloud Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM (which we refer to as “ Sub ”), and HashiCorp; 2. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by HashiCorp to our named executive officers in connection with the merger of Sub with and into HashiCorp (which we refer to as the “ merger ”); and 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the special meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. The proxy statement to which this notice is attached includes a summary of the merger agreement, and a complete copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. Included with the merger agreement is a copy of the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation in the merger. All such documents are considered attached to this notice. Please read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the merger agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. The special meeting will be held by means of a live interactive webcast on the internet at https://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HCP2024SM . By accessing that web address and using the control number found on your proxy card, you will be able to listen to the special meeting live and vote online. The special meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time. Online check-in will begin a few minutes prior to the special meeting. You will need the control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form in order to participate in the special meeting (including voting your shares). Only HashiCorp stockholders as of the close of business on May 28, 2024, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. A list of HashiCorp stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available in our principal executive offices located at 101 2nd St., Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94105 during regular business hours for a period of no less than ten (10) days ending on the day before the special meeting. HashiCorp’s Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement; (2) “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, compensation that will or may become payable by HashiCorp to our named executive officers in TABLE OF CONTENTS connection with the merger; and (3) “FOR” the proposal to adjourn the special meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. HashiCorp stockholders of record or beneficial owners who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the “fair value” of their shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock (exclusive of any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger and together with interest (as described in the accompanying proxy statement), if any, to be paid on the amount determined to be “fair value”) in lieu of receiving $35.00 in cash without interest, and subject to applicable withholding taxes, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement for each share of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock that they own if the merger is completed, as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (which we refer to as the “ DGCL ”). To do so, a HashiCorp stockholder of record or beneficial owner must properly demand appraisal before the vote is taken to adopt the merger agreement and comply with all other requirements of the DGCL, and not validly withdraw their demands or lose their appraisal rights under the applicable provisions of the DGCL, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement. A copy of Section 262, which details the appraisal statute, may be accessed without subscription or cost at the following publicly available website: https://delcode.delaware.gov/title8/c001/sc09/index.html#262 Even if you plan to attend the special meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card (a prepaid reply envelope is provided for your convenience) or grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card). If you attend and vote at the special meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy or to attend the special meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present or be voted at the special meeting, and, if a quorum is present, that will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the special meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the special meeting without your instructions. Without your instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting or be voted at the special meeting, and, if a quorum is present, that will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. By Order of the Board of Directors, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Paul D. Warenski ​ ​ Chief Legal Officer ​ ​ Dated: June 13, 2024 San Francisco, California TABLE OF CONTENTS HASHICORP, INC. PROXY STATEMENT FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA WEBCAST ON JULY 15, 2024 This proxy statement is dated June 13, 2024, and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being sent to stockholders on or about June 13, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Page TRANSACTION SUMMARY ​ ​ 2 Introduction ​ ​ 2 Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 2 Effect of the Merger ​ ​ 3 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 3 The Special Meeting ​ ​ 3 Recommendation of the HashiCorp Board and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ 5 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP ​ ​ 5 Treatment of HashiCorp Equity Awards and the ESPP in the Merger ​ ​ 6 Employee Matters ​ ​ 7 Interests of HashiCorp’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger ​ ​ 8 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 9 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 10 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 10 Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 10 No Solicitation of Takeover Proposals ​ ​ 10 Change of HashiCorp Board’s Recommendation ​ ​ 11 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ 11 Termination ​ ​ 12 Termination Fee ​ ​ 13 The Voting Agreement ​ ​ 13 Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock ​ ​ 14 Effect on HashiCorp if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ 14 Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 14 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ 15 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 25 THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 27 Date, Time and Place ​ ​ 27 Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ 27 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote ​ ​ 27 Quorum ​ ​ 27 Attending the Special Meeting ​ ​ 27 Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes ​ ​ 28 Shares Held by HashiCorp’s Directors and Executive Officers ​ ​ 28 Voting of Proxies ​ ​ 29 Revocability of Proxies ​ ​ 29 Recommendation of the HashiCorp Board ​ ​ 30 Adjournment ​ ​ 30 Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ 30 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger ​ ​ 30 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 31 Other Matters ​ ​ 31 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on July 15, 2024 ​ ​ 31 Householding of Special Meeting Materials ​ ​ 31 Questions and Additional Information ​ ​ 32 THE MERGER ​ ​ 33 Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 33 Effect of the Merger ​ ​ 33 i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Page Effect on HashiCorp if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ 34 Effect of the Merger on Our Common Stock ​ ​ 34 Background of the Merger ​ ​ 35 Recommendation of the HashiCorp Board and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ 48 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP ​ ​ 52 Financial Projections ​ ​ 59 Interests of HashiCorp’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger ​ ​ 62 The Voting Agreement ​ ​ 70 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger ​ ​ 71 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 71 Accounting Treatment ​ ​ 77 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 77 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 80 Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 80 Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock ​ ​ 80 Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 81 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 82 PROPOSAL 2: APPROVAL, ON A NON-BINDING, ADVISORY BASIS, OF CERTAIN MERGER-RELATED EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ​ ​ 83 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 84 THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 85 Structure of the Merger ​ ​ 85 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger ​ ​ 85 Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws ​ ​ 85 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 86 Representations and Warranties ​ ​ 89 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger ​ ​ 91 Additional Agreements ​ ​ 94 Other Covenants and Agreements ​ ​ 102 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ 103 Termination of the Merger Agreement and Expenses ​ ​ 103 Amendment and Waiver ​ ​ 105 Governing Law ​ ​ 106 Specific Performance ​ ​ 106 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ​ ​ 107 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ 110 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ 111 MISCELLANEOUS ​ ​ 112 ANNEX A: AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ​ ​ A-1 ANNEX B: OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP ​ ​ B- 1 ANNEX C: THE VOTING AGREEMENT ​ ​ C- 1 ii TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT EVEN IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) OVER THE INTERNET; (2) BY TELEPHONE; OR (3) BY SIGNING, DATING AND RETURNING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD (A PREPAID REPLY ENVELOPE IS PROVIDED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE) . You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the special meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the special meeting without your instructions. Without your instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting or be voted at the special meeting, and, if a quorum is present, that will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If you are a stockholder of record, voting at the special meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” from the bank, broker or other nominee that holds your shares in order to vote at the special meeting. If you fail to (1) return your proxy card; (2) grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone; or (3) vote by virtual ballot in person at the special meeting, your shares will (a) not be voted at the special meeting, (b) not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and (c) have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement but will have no effect on: (1) the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by HashiCorp to HashiCorp’s named executive officers in connection with the merger or (2) the proposal to adjourn the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. We encourage you to read the accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including all documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement, or need help voting your shares, please contact HashiCorp’s proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders may call toll free: (877) 750-8240 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS TRANSACTION SUMMARY Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “ HashiCorp ,” “ we ,” “ our ,” “ us ” and similar words refer to HashiCorp, Inc., including, in certain cases, HashiCorp’s subsidiaries. Throughout this proxy statement, the “ HashiCorp Board ” refers to HashiCorp’s Board of Directors. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to International Business Machines Corporation as “ IBM ” and McCloud Merger Sub, Inc. as “ Sub .” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived, in each case from time to time), dated as of April 24, 2024, by and among IBM, Sub and HashiCorp as the “ merger agreement .” This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the proposed merger of Sub (a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM) with and into HashiCorp, with HashiCorp surviving the merger and continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM. We refer to that transaction as the “ merger .” This proxy statement may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the merger more fully and for a complete description of its legal terms, you should carefully read this entire proxy statement, including its annexes and the other documents to which we refer in this proxy statement. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Where You Can Find More Information.” A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the merger agreement, which is the legal document that governs the merger, carefully and in its entirety. Introduction On April 24, 2024, HashiCorp entered into the merger agreement, pursuant to which it agreed to be acquired by IBM, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. If the merger is completed, each share of our Class A common stock, $0.000015 par value per share (the “ Class A common stock ”), and Class B common stock, $0.000015 par value per share (the “ Class B common stock ”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (subject to certain exceptions set forth in the merger agreement), will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $35.00 per share in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our “ common stock. ” Parties Involved in the Merger HashiCorp Incorporated in 2013, HashiCorp is a leading provider of enterprise cloud adoption software and services. Our products aim to provide consistent workflows and a standardized approach to automating the critical processes involved in delivering applications in the cloud: infrastructure provisioning, security, networking and application deployment. Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (which we refer to as “ Nasdaq ”) under the symbol “HCP.” Our corporate headquarters are located at 101 Second Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, California 94105, and our telephone number is (415) 301-3227. IBM IBM is a leading provider of global hybrid cloud and AI, and consulting expertise. IBM helps clients in more than 175 countries capitalize on insights from their data, streamline business processes, reduce costs and gain the competitive edge in their industries. Thousands of government and corporate entities in critical infrastructure areas such as financial services, telecommunications and healthcare rely on IBM’s hybrid cloud platform and Red Hat OpenShift to affect their digital transformations quickly, efficiently and securely. IBM’s breakthrough innovations in AI, quantum computing, industry-specific cloud solutions and consulting deliver open and flexible options to its clients. All of this is backed by IBM’s legendary commitment to trust, transparency, responsibility, inclusivity and service. IBM is a New York corporation and was formed in 1911 as the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company. IBM’s common stock, par value $0.20 per share, is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange (which we refer to as the “ NYSE ”), the NYSE Chicago and outside the United States, in each case under the symbol “IBM.” IBM’s corporate headquarters are located at 1 New Orchard Road, Armonk, New York 10504, and its telephone number is (914) 499-1900. 2

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]