DEFM14A 1 d434243ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 COUPA SOFTWARE INCORPORATED (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a- 6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Coupa Software Incorporated January 23, 2023 To our Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of Coupa Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”, “Coupa”, “we”, “us” and “our”), on Thursday, February 23, 2023 at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time (unless the special meeting is adjourned or postponed), in a virtual-only meeting format. The Company’s stockholders will be able to virtually attend and vote at the special meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/COUP. You will not be able to attend the special meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “present” and “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. On December 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “merger agreement”) with Coupa Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Project CS Parent, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (“Parent”), and Project CS Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), providing for, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, the acquisition of the Company by Parent at a price of $81.00 in cash, without interest, per share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (“Company common stock”) issued and outstanding. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the “merger”), with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “surviving corporation”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Thoma Bravo Fund XV, L.P. (the “Thoma Bravo Fund”), and Parent, Merger Sub and the Thoma Bravo Fund are each affiliated with Thoma Bravo, L.P. (“Thoma Bravo”). Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. If the merger is consummated, you will be entitled to receive $81.00 in cash, without interest, in exchange for each share of Company common stock you own at the effective time of the merger (unless you have properly and validly exercised and do not withdraw your appraisal rights under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware). The proxy statement accompanying this letter provides you with more specific information concerning the special meeting, the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. We encourage you to carefully read the accompanying proxy statement and the copy of the merger agreement attached as Annex A thereto, as they contain important information about, among other things, the merger and how it affects you. The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has reviewed and considered the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The Board unanimously (1) authorized and approved the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the merger agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, (2) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for the Company to enter into the merger agreement and declared the merger agreement advisable, (3) directed that the Company submit the adoption of the merger agreement to a vote of Company stockholders in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement and (4) resolved to recommend that Company stockholders adopt the merger agreement. Table of Contents At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on (1) a proposal to adopt the merger agreement (the “merger agreement proposal”), (2) a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including consummation of the merger (the “advisory compensation proposal”) and (3) a proposal to approve any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes at the special meeting to adopt the merger agreement (the “adjournment proposal”). The Board recommends you vote “FOR” the merger agreement proposal, “FOR” the advisory compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. Your vote is important. We cannot complete the merger unless the merger agreement proposal is approved by the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of Company common stock entitled to vote thereon at the special meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual special meeting, we want to make sure your shares are represented at the meeting. Please promptly follow the voting instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card to submit your vote. After reading the accompanying proxy statement, please authorize a proxy to vote your shares of Company common stock by completing, dating, signing and returning your proxy card by mail or by granting your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). You may also vote your shares by attending and voting at the virtual special meeting. Instructions regarding the methods of authorizing your proxy are detailed in the section of the accompanying proxy statement entitled “The Special Meeting—Voting Procedures”. If you attend the special meeting and vote thereat, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold Company common stock through an account with a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee, please follow the instructions you receive from them to vote your Company common stock. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the merger agreement proposal, without your instructions. If you have any questions or need assistance voting, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders may call toll free: (877) 750-8233 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of the Board, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, ROBERT BERNSHTEYN Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chair of the Board January 23, 2023 The merger has not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commission. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has passed upon the merits or fairness of the merger or upon the adequacy or accuracy of the information contained in this document or the accompanying proxy statement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated January 23, 2023 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed to the Company’s stockholders on or about January 23, 2023. Table of Contents Coupa Software Incorporated NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA WEBCAST ON February 23, 2023 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of Coupa Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”, “Coupa”, “we”, “us” and “our”), to be held on February 23, 2023 at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time (unless the special meeting is adjourned or postponed), in a virtual-only meeting format. The Company’s stockholders will be able to virtually attend and vote at the special meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/COUP. You will not be able to attend the special meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the special meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “present” and “in person” shall mean virtually present at the special meeting. The special meeting is being held for the purpose of acting on the following matters: Items of Business: 1. To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 11, 2022 (the “merger agreement”), by and among the Company, Coupa Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Project CS Parent, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (“Parent”), and Project CS Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which and on the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the “merger”), with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “surviving corporation”). We refer to this proposal as the “merger agreement proposal”. 2. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including consummation of the merger, which proposal we refer to as the “advisory compensation proposal”. 3. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve any adjournment of the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the special meeting to adopt the merger agreement, which proposal we refer to as the “adjournment proposal”. Record Date: Only the Company’s stockholders of record at the close of business on January 23, 2023—the record date for the special meeting—will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. General: The merger agreement proposal must be approved by the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of Company common stock entitled to vote on the matter. Assuming a quorum is present, if you fail to authorize a proxy to vote your shares of Company common stock or vote at the virtual special meeting, fail to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote, or abstain from the merger agreement proposal, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger agreement proposal. Accordingly, your vote is very important regardless of the number of shares of Company common stock that you own. Whether or not you plan to Table of Contents attend the virtual special meeting, we request that you vote your shares of Company common stock promptly. If you attend the virtual special meeting and you are a Company stockholder of record at the close of business on the record date, you may continue to have your shares of Company common stock voted as instructed in your proxy, or you may withdraw your proxy and vote your shares of Company common stock at the virtual special meeting. If you fail to authorize a proxy to vote your shares or to vote at the virtual special meeting, or fail to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote, the effect will be that the shares of Company common stock that you own will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the virtual special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal. The approval of each of the advisory compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote (in person or by represented by proxy) of a majority of the votes cast on the applicable proposal. Assuming a quorum is present, if you fail to authorize a proxy to vote your shares or vote at the virtual special meeting, or fail to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote, it will have no effect on the outcome of these proposals. Abstentions will not be considered votes cast and therefore, assuming a quorum is present, will have no effect on the outcome of the advisory compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. If a quorum is not present or represented at the special meeting of the stockholders, the Chair of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) or the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, may adjourn the special meeting. For Company stockholders of record, any proxy may be revoked at any time prior to its exercise by delivery of a properly executed, later-dated proxy card, by submitting a new proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier submitted proxy, by submitting a written revocation of your proxy to our Corporate Secretary, or by voting at the virtual special meeting. For Company stockholders that hold their shares in “street name”, any proxy may be revoked through such stockholder’s broker, bank or other nominee and in accordance with its procedures or by voting at the virtual special meeting. Attendance at the virtual special meeting alone will not be sufficient to revoke a previously authorized proxy. For more information concerning the virtual special meeting, the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, please review the accompanying proxy statement and the copy of the merger agreement attached as Annex A thereto. The Board has reviewed and considered the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The Board unanimously (1) authorized and approved the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the merger agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, (2) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for the Company to enter into the merger agreement and declared the merger agreement advisable, (3) directed that the Company submit the adoption of the merger agreement to a vote of Company stockholders in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement and (4) resolved to recommend that Company stockholders adopt the merger agreement. Accordingly, the Board recommends a vote “FOR” the merger agreement proposal, “FOR” the advisory compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual special meeting, we want to make sure your shares are represented at the meeting. You may cast your vote by authorizing your proxy in advance of the virtual special meeting by mail, over the internet or by telephone (using Table of Contents the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). For voting by mail, please mark, sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid reply envelope provided. If you attend the special meeting and vote thereat, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name”, you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the enclosed voting instruction form from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the merger agreement proposal, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the merger agreement proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. By Order of the Board of Directors Sincerely, ROBERT BERNSHTEYN Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chair of the Board Dated: January 23, 2023 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE SUMMARY 1 The Parties 1 The Special Meeting 2 Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote; Vote Required to Approve Each Proposal 2 Voting by Company Directors and Executive Officers 3 The Merger; Certain Effects of the Merger; Consideration To Be Received in the Merger 3 Recommendation of the Board 4 Opinion of the Company’s Financial Advisor 4 Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Consummated 5 Financing of the Merger 5 Limited Guarantee 7 Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 7 Treatment of Company Equity Awards 7 Company ESPP 9 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 9 Litigation Related to the Merger 9 Regulatory Approvals in Connection with the Merger 10 Appraisal Rights 10 No Solicitation; Change in Board Recommendation 11 Conditions of the Merger 11 Termination of the Merger Agreement 12 Termination Fees 14 Current Price of Company Common Stock 15 Additional Information 15 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER 16 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 25 THE PARTIES 27 Coupa Software Incorporated 27 Coupa Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Project CS Parent, LLC) 27 Project CS Merger Sub, Inc. 27 THE SPECIAL MEETING 28 Date, Time and Place 28 Purpose of the Special Meeting 28 Recommendation of the Board 28 Registering for the Special Meeting 28 Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote 29 Quorum 29 Vote Required 30 Voting Procedures 31 How Proxies Are Voted 31 Revocation of Proxies 32 Solicitation of Proxies 32 Adjournments 32 Voting by Company Directors and Executive Officers 33 Appraisal Rights 33 Other Matters 34 Assistance 34 -i- Table of Contents PAGE PROPOSAL 1: MERGER AGREEMENT PROPOSAL 35 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 36 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 37 THE MERGER 38 Overview 38 Background of the Merger 38 Recommendation of the Board 52 Reasons for the Merger 52 Certain Financial Forecasts 59 Opinion of the Company’s Financial Advisor 61 Certain Effects of the Merger 68 Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Consummated 69 Financing of the Merger 69 Appraisal Rights 72 Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 76 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 82 Litigation Related to the Merger 84 Regulatory Approvals in Connection with the Merger 84 Delisting and Deregistration of the Company Common Stock 85 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 86 Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement 86 Effects of the Merger 86 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger 87 Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation 87 Consideration To Be Received in the Merger 87 Excluded Shares 88 Treatment of Company Equity Awards 88 Company ESPP 89 Payment for Stock 89 Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights 90 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 90 Termination of Payment Fund 90 No Liability 90 Appraisal Rights 91 Representations and Warranties 91 Covenants Regarding Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Effective Time 93 No Solicitation; Change in Board Recommendation 97 Efforts to Obtain the Company Stockholder Approval 100 Reasonable Best Efforts 101 Financing 104 Indemnification and Insurance 106 Employee Benefits Matters 108 Certain Additional Covenants and Agreements 108 Conditions of the Merger 108 Termination of the Merger Agreement 109 Termination Fees 111 Fees and Expenses 112 Withholding Taxes 112 Amendment or Supplement 112 Extension of Time, Waiver, etc. 112 Governing Law; Jurisdiction 113 Specific Enforcement 113 -ii- Table of Contents PAGE THE VOTING AGREEMENT 114 Voting Provisions 114 Restrictions on Transfer 114 Waiver of Appraisal Rights 115 Termination 115 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 116 MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION 118 HOUSEHOLDING 119 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 120 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 121 ANNEX A: THE MERGER AGREEMENT A-1 ANNEX B: OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP B-1 ANNEX C: THE VOTING AGREEMENT C-1 -iii- Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement and may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement that is important to you. We have included page references in parentheses to direct you to more complete descriptions of the topics presented in this summary. You should carefully read this proxy statement in its entirety, including the annexes hereto and the other documents to which we have referred you, for a more complete understanding of the matters being considered at the special meeting, including, without limitation, the merger agreement attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You may obtain, without charge, copies of documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement by following the instructions under the section of this proxy statement entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information”. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, the “Company”, “Coupa”, “we”, “our”, “us” and similar words refer to Coupa Software Incorporated. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Coupa Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Project CS Parent, LLC) as “Parent” and to Project CS Merger Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub”. In addition, throughout this proxy statement, we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 11, 2022, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company as the “merger agreement”; our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as “Company common stock”; and the holders of Company common stock as “Company stockholders”. The Parties (page 27) Coupa Software Incorporated Coupa is a leading provider of Business Spend Management (“BSM”) solutions. We offer a comprehensive, cloud-based BSM platform that has connected our customers with more than seven million suppliers globally. Our platform provides greater visibility into and control over how companies spend money, optimize supply chains, and manage liquidity. Using our platform, businesses are able to achieve real, measurable value and savings that drive their profitability. We were incorporated in February 2006 in Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 1855 S. Grant Street, San Mateo, CA 94402, and our telephone number is (650) 931-3200. Shares of Company common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the trading symbol “COUP”. Coupa Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Project CS Parent, LLC) Parent was formed on December 7, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and arranging of the equity financing and debt financing in connection with the merger. The principal executive offices of Parent are c/o Thoma Bravo, L.P., 600 Montgomery Street, 20th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111 with a telephone number of (415) 263-3600. Project CS Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed on December 7, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and arranging of the equity financing and debt financing in connection with the merger. Coupa Software Incorporated Notice and Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Parent and Merger Sub are affiliated with Thoma Bravo Fund XV, L.P. (the “Thoma Bravo Fund”), and Parent, Merger Sub and the Thoma Bravo Fund are each affiliated with Thoma Bravo, L.P. (“Thoma Bravo”). Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. At the effective time, the surviving corporation will be indirectly owned by the Thoma Bravo Fund and certain of its affiliates. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the Thoma Bravo Fund has provided Parent with an equity commitment and Merger Sub has obtained debt financing commitments from those certain lenders specified in, and party to, the debt commitment letter (as defined below under “— Financing of the Merger ”) (the “Lenders”). The amounts committed under the commitment letters (as defined below under “— Financing of the Merger ”) will be used to fund the aggregate purchase price required to be paid at the closing of the merger (the “closing”) and to also fund certain other payments at the closing (including the Required Amounts (as defined below under “— Financing of the Merger ”)), subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. In addition, the Thoma Bravo Fund has agreed to guarantee the payment of certain liabilities and obligations of Parent and/or Merger Sub under the merger agreement, subject to an aggregate cap equal to $455 million, including any termination fee and amounts in respect of certain reimbursement and indemnification obligations of Parent and Merger Sub for certain costs, expenses or losses incurred or sustained by the Company, as specified in the merger agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement entitled “ The Merger—Financing of the Merger ”. The principal executive offices of Merger Sub are c/o Thoma Bravo, L.P., 600 Montgomery Street, 20th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111 with a telephone number of (415) 263-3600. The Special Meeting (page 28) The special meeting of Company stockholders will be held on Thursday, February 23, 2023 at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time, in a virtual-only meeting format. You must register to attend the meeting prior to the start of the meeting. To register to attend the virtual special meeting, you should visit www.proxydocs.com/COUP. You will be required to enter the control number, included on your proxy card, voting instruction form or as you may otherwise receive, which will allow you to participate in the virtual meeting and vote your shares of Company common stock if you are a Company stockholder as of the record date. Once you have registered for the meeting, you will receive an email confirmation containing additional information regarding the virtual special meeting. Please see the section of this proxy statement entitled “ The Special Meeting ” for additional information on the special meeting, including how to vote your shares of Company common stock. Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote; Vote Required to Approve Each Proposal (pages 29 and 30) Only the Company’s stockholders of record at the close of business on January 23, 2023, the record date for the special meeting, will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. As of the close of business on January 19, 2023, the latest practicable date before the filing of this proxy statement, there were 75,541,300 shares of Company common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each Company stockholder is entitled to one vote per share of Company common stock held by such stockholder on the record date on each of the proposals presented in this proxy statement. The approval of the proposal of the Company’s stockholders to adopt the merger agreement (the “merger agreement proposal”) requires the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of Company common stock entitled to vote on the matter (the “Company stockholder approval”). Under Delaware law and the merger agreement, the receipt of such required vote is a condition to the consummation of the merger. The approval of the proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the 2 Notice and Proxy Statement Coupa Software Incorporated Table of Contents compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including consummation of the merger (the “advisory compensation proposal”) requires the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of a majority of the votes cast on such proposal at the special meeting. The approval of the proposal to approve any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate,

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]