DEFM14A 1 d484419ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 NEW RELIC, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents NEW RELIC, INC. 188 Spear Street, Suite 1000 San Francisco, California 94105 September 25, 2023 Dear New Relic Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of New Relic, Inc. (“New Relic” or the “Company”) to be held on November 1, 2023 at 7:00 a.m., Pacific time. New Relic will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NEWR2023SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on (i) a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2023 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Crewline Buyer, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Crewline Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and New Relic, (ii) a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to New Relic’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Compensation Proposal”), and (iii) a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Parent and Merger Sub are subsidiaries of an investment fund (“TPG Fund”) affiliated with TPG Global, LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into New Relic and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with New Relic continuing as the surviving corporation (the “Merger”) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, which will be indirectly controlled by investment funds advised by Francisco Partners Management, L.P., the TPG Fund, and certain of their respective affiliates. If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $87.00 in cash, without interest, less applicable withholding taxes, for each share of New Relic common stock that you own, unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights. The Board of Directors of New Relic (the “Board of Directors”), after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, has, unanimously amongst members of the Board of Directors present and voting: (i) determined that it is in the best interests of New Relic and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; (ii) approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by New Relic, the performance by New Relic of its covenants and other obligations under the Merger Agreement, and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; and (iii) resolved to recommend that holders of New Relic common stock adopt the Merger Agreement. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Table of Contents The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. You should carefully read and consider the entire enclosed proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date, and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker, or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of New Relic common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, NY 10022 New Relic Stockholders may call toll free: (877) 456-3524 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. Sincerely, /s/ William Staples William Staples Chief Executive Officer The accompanying proxy statement is dated September 25, 2023 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed on or about September 25, 2023. Table of Contents NEW RELIC, INC. 188 Spear Street, Suite 1000 San Francisco, California 94105 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA THE INTERNET ON NOVEMBER 1, 2023 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of New Relic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“New Relic”), will be held on November 1, 2023 at 7:00 a.m., Pacific time. New Relic will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NEWR2023SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Special Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2023, (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Crewline Buyer, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Crewline Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and New Relic. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into New Relic and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with New Relic continuing as the surviving corporation (the “Merger”) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to New Relic’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Compensation Proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Only holders of New Relic common stock (“New Relic Stockholders”) of record as of the close of business on September 20, 2023, are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement, or other delay thereof. The Board of Directors of New Relic recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date, and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker, or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. Table of Contents If you sign, date, and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, /s/ William Staples William Staples Chief Executive Officer Dated: September 25, 2023 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) THROUGH THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a New Relic Stockholder of record, voting in person by virtual ballot at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker, or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to (1) return your proxy card, (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or (3) vote by virtual ballot in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will have no effect on the Compensation Proposal or the adjournment proposal. You should carefully read and consider the entire accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Special Meeting, or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement, or need help voting your shares of New Relic common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, NY 10022 New Relic Stockholders may call toll free: (877) 456-3524 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SUMMARY 1 Parties Involved in the Merger 1 The Merger 2 Merger Consideration 2 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 5 Appraisal Rights 5 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 6 Closing Conditions 6 Financing of the Merger 7 Required Stockholder Approval 8 The Special Meeting 9 Recommendation of the New Relic Board of Directors 9 Interests of New Relic’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 10 Alternative Acquisition Proposals 11 Termination of the Merger Agreement 12 Effect on New Relic if the Merger Is Not Completed 13 The Voting and Support Agreement 13 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING 14 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 22 THE SPECIAL MEETING 24 Date, Time and Place 24 Purpose of the Special Meeting 24 Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Quorum 24 Attending the Meeting 24 Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 24 Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons 25 Voting of Proxies 26 Revocability of Proxies 27 Board of Directors’ Recommendation 27 Solicitation of Proxies 27 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 28 Appraisal Rights 28 Delisting and Deregistration of New Relic Common Stock 28 Other Matters 28 Householding of Special Meeting Materials 29 Questions and Additional Information 29 THE MERGER 30 Parties Involved in the Merger 30 Effect of the Merger 31 Effect on New Relic If the Merger Is Not Completed 31 Merger Consideration 32 Company ESPP 33 Background of the Merger 33 Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 49 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners 53 Summary of Management Projections 60 Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of New Relic in the Merger 62 Financing of the Merger 68 Closing and Effective Time 70 Appraisal Rights 70 Accounting Treatment 76 Table of Contents Page Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 76 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 80 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 81 Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws 81 Closing and Effective Time 82 Merger Consideration 82 Exchange and Payment Procedures 83 Representations and Warranties 84 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 88 The “Go-Shop” Period—Solicitation of Other Offers 90 The “No Shop” Period—No Solicitation of Other Offers 92 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change 93 Employee Matters 96 Efforts to Close the Merger 97 Financing Cooperation 97 Indemnification and Insurance 100 Other Covenants 100 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 101 Termination of the Merger Agreement 102 Termination Fee 103 Specific Performance 104 Limitations of Liability 105 Fees and Expenses 105 Amendment 105 Governing Law 105 The Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” this proposal. 105 The Voting and Support Agreement 105 PROPOSAL 2: THE NEW RELIC COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 107 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING 108 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 109 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 111 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 112 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 113 MISCELLANEOUS 115 ANNEX A - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER A-1 ANNEX B - OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP B-1 ANNEX C - APPRAISAL RIGHTS C-1 FORM OF PROXY CARD Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger of Crewline Merger Sub, Inc. with and into New Relic, Inc. (the “Merger”) and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement (as defined below), along with all of the documents to which we refer in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the caption “Where You Can Find More Information.” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should carefully read and consider the entire Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “New Relic,” “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” and similar words refer to New Relic, Inc. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Crewline Buyer, Inc. as “Parent” and Crewline Merger Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 30, 2023 (the “Agreement Date”), by and among Parent, Merger Sub and New Relic as the “Merger Agreement,” our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, as “New Relic common stock,” and the holders of New Relic common stock as “New Relic Stockholders.” Unless indicated otherwise, any other capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement. Parties Involved in the Merger New Relic, Inc. New Relic, a Delaware corporation, is a leading “all-in-one” observability platform that enables its customers to plan, build, deploy, and operate their critical digital infrastructure by harnessing the power of data. New Relic’s observability platform combines metrics, events, logs, traces, and other telemetry data with its proprietary stack of analytical tools to rapidly generate actionable, fact-based insights. New Relic’s customers use its platform to improve uptime, reliability, and operational efficiency, in order to optimize the digital experience for their customers and within their organizations. Founded in 2007 and headquartered in San Francisco, California, New Relic has been a leader in all-in-one observability. New Relic common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “NEWR.” Crewline Buyer, Inc. Parent was formed on July 25, 2023, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Crewline Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed on July 25, 2023, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Parent and Merger Sub are each subsidiaries of an investment fund (“TPG Fund”) affiliated with TPG Global, LLC (“TPG”). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date (as defined in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Closing and Effective Time”), 1 Table of Contents Parent, Merger Sub, and New Relic will cause the Merger to be consummated pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) by filing a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (at the time of such filing and acceptance for record by the Secretary of State or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Parent, Merger Sub, and New Relic, referred to herein as the “Effective Time”). At the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation (as defined in the section of the proxy statement captioned “—The Merger”), will be indirectly owned by investment funds (“FP Funds”) advised by Francisco Partners Management, L.P. (“FP”), the TPG Fund, and certain of their affiliates. FP is a leading global investment firm that specializes in partnering with technology businesses. TPG is a leading global alternative asset management firm. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) the FP Funds and the TPG Fund have provided Parent with an aggregate equity commitment of $4.02 billion, (2) Lewis Cirne and certain of his affiliates (the “Rolling Stockholders”) have designated certain shares of New Relic with an approximate value of $250.0 million held by the Rolling Stockholders as “rollover shares” (the “Rollover Shares”) which, immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be transferred to a Delaware entity that indirectly owns all of the capital stock of Parent in accordance with the terms of a rollover agreement by and among the Rolling Stockholders, Parent, and the other parties thereto (the “Rollover Agreement”) and (3) Parent has obtained debt financing commitments in an aggregate amount of a $2.4 billion term loan and a $250.0 million revolving facility. Such amounts will be used to fund the aggregate purchase price required to be paid at the closing of the Merger and to also fund certain other payments (including the Required Amounts (as defined in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Financing of the Merger”)), subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. In addition, the FP Funds and the TPG Fund have agreed to guarantee the payment of certain liabilities and obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, including any termination fee and amounts in respect of certain reimbursement and indemnification obligations of Parent and Merger Sub for certain costs, expenses, or losses incurred or sustained by New Relic, as specified in the Merger Agreement, subject to an aggregate cap equal to $524.0 million. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Financing of the Merger.” The Merger Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into New Relic and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with New Relic continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Surviving Corporation”). As a result of the Merger, New Relic common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from the NYSE. In addition, New Relic common stock will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and New Relic will no longer file periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). If the Merger is completed, you will not own any shares of the capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. The time at which the Merger will become effective will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the applicable provision of the DGCL. Merger Consideration New Relic Common Stock At the Effective Time, each then outstanding share of New Relic common stock (other than (a) the Rollover Shares and (b) shares of New Relic common stock (i) held by New Relic as treasury stock, (ii) owned by Parent or Merger Sub, (iii) owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (iv) held by New Relic Stockholders who have not voted in favor of the Merger and who shall have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL with respect to any such shares held by any such holder, collectively, the “Excluded Shares”) will be cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the 2 Table of Contents right to receive an amount in cash equal to $87.00 in cash, without interest (the “Per Share Merger Consideration”), less applicable withholding taxes. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent will deposit (or cause to be deposited) an amount of cash equal to the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration with a designated payment agent for payment to the holders of each outstanding share of New Relic common stock owned by each New Relic Stockholder (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Excluded Shares). For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Exchange and Payment Procedures.” After the Merger is completed, you will have the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, but you will no longer have any rights as a stockholder (except that stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights may have the right to receive payment for the “fair value” of their shares determined pursuant to an appraisal proceeding, as contemplated by Delaware law). For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Appraisal Rights.” Treatment of Company Equity Awards Company Options . Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each option to purchase shares of New Relic common stock granted under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2014 Plan”) and our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”), each, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time (collectively, the “Plans”) (each such option, a “Company Option”) that is outstanding and unexercised and vested immediately prior to or upon the Effective Time (including any Company Option that vests or accelerates in vesting upon the occurrence of the Effective Time in accordance to the terms and conditions applicable to the corresponding Company Option) (each, a “Vested Option”), will be cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash, less applicable tax withholdings, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the excess of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Vested Option, by (ii) the number of shares of New Relic common stock covered

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]