DEFM14A 1 d84254ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Juniper Networks, Inc. February 26, 2024 Dear Juniper Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “ Special Meeting ”) of holders of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Juniper Networks, Inc. (“ Juniper common stock ,” and the holders thereof “ Juniper Stockholders ”), a Delaware corporation (“ Juniper ” or the “ Company ”), to be held on April 2, 2024, at 9:00 a.m., Pacific time. Juniper will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JNPR2024SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on (i) a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2024 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by and among Juniper, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a Delaware corporation (“ Parent ”), and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“ Merger Sub ”), (ii) a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Juniper’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise related to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “ Compensation Proposal ”), (iii) a proposal to approve an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Juniper, as amended, to reflect new Delaware law provisions regarding officer exculpation (the “ Officer Exculpation Proposal ”), and (iv) a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Juniper and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Juniper continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Merger ”). If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $40.00 in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of Juniper common stock that you own, unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights. The Board of Directors of Juniper (the “ Board of Directors ”), after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, unanimously: (i) determined that the terms of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Juniper and the Juniper Stockholders; (ii) approved and authorized the Merger Agreement, including the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Juniper, the performance by Juniper of its obligations thereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, and the Merger; and (iii) authorized and approved the submission of the Merger Agreement for adoption by the Juniper Stockholders, and resolved to recommend that Juniper Stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; (3) “FOR” the Officer Exculpation Proposal; and (4) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. You should carefully read and consider the entire Table of Contents enclosed proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting virtually and vote by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Juniper common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. The failure of any Juniper Stockholder to vote by virtual ballot, to submit a validly executed proxy card or to grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-8338 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. Sincerely, /s/ Rami Rahim Rami Rahim Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated by it or if the information contained in the accompanying proxy statement is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated February 26, 2024 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed on or about February 26, 2024. ii Table of Contents Juniper Networks, Inc. NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA THE INTERNET ON APRIL 2, 2024 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “ Special Meeting ”) of holders of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Juniper Networks, Inc. (“ Juniper common stock ,” and the holders thereof “ Juniper Stockholders ”), a Delaware corporation (“ Juniper ” or the “ Company ”), will be held on April 2, 2024 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific time. Juniper will hold the Special Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JNPR2024SM. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Special Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2024 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by and among Juniper, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a Delaware corporation (“ Parent ”), and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“ Merger Sub ”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Juniper and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Juniper continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Merger ”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Juniper’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “ Compensation Proposal ”); 3. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Juniper, as amended, to reflect new Delaware law provisions regarding officer exculpation (the “ Officer Exculpation Proposal ”); and 4. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “ Adjournment Proposal ”). Only Juniper Stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 23, 2024 are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof. The Board of Directors of Juniper (the “ Board of Directors ”) unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) “FOR,” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal; (3) “FOR” the Officer Exculpation Proposal and (4) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Juniper Stockholders who do not vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the “fair value” of their shares of Juniper common stock, as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”), if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and comply with all the requirements of Delaware law, including Section 262 of the DGCL, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement. Section 262 of the DGCL is reproduced in its entirety in Annex C to the accompanying proxy statement and is incorporated therein by reference. i Table of Contents Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting virtually and vote by virtual ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “ FOR ” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, “ FOR, ” on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the Compensation Proposal, “ FOR ” the Officer Exculpation Proposal and “ FOR ” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, /s/ Robert Mobassaly Robert Mobassaly SVP, General Counsel Dated: February 26, 2024 ii Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING VIRTUALLY, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) THROUGH THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a Juniper Stockholder of record, voting in person by virtual ballot at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to (1) return your proxy card, (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or (3) vote by virtual ballot in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and (a) will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and the Officer Exculpation Proposal and (b) will have no effect on the Compensation Proposal (if a quorum is present) or the Adjournment Proposal. You should carefully read and consider the entire accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, or would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Juniper common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-8338 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 iii Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY 1 Parties Involved in the Merger 1 Merger Consideration 3 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 4 Appraisal Rights 5 Litigation Relating to the Merger 5 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 6 Closing Conditions 6 Financing of the Merger 7 Required Stockholder Approval 7 The Special Meeting 8 Recommendation of the Board of Directors 8 Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. 9 Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Juniper in the Merger 10 Acquisition Proposals 10 Termination of the Merger Agreement 11 Effect on Juniper if the Merger Is Not Completed 11 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 13 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 25 THE SPECIAL MEETING 27 Date, Time and Place 27 Purpose of the Special Meeting 27 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum 27 Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 27 Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons 28 Voting of Proxies 28 Revocability of Proxies 29 Board of Directors’ Recommendation 29 Solicitation of Proxies 29 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 30 Dissenters’ Rights 30 Delisting and Deregistration of Juniper Common Stock 31 Other Matters 31 Householding of Special Meeting Materials 31 Questions and Additional Information 31 THE MERGER 32 Parties Involved in the Merger 32 Effect of the Merger 33 Effect on Juniper if the Merger is Not Completed 33 Merger Consideration 34 Background of the Merger 36 Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 50 Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. 54 Management Projections 60 Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Juniper in the Merger 62 Financing of the Merger 70 Closing and Effective Time 70 Dissenters’ Rights 70 Litigation Relating to the Merger 73 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 73 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 75 i Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 78 Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws 78 Closing and Effective Time 79 Merger Consideration 79 Exchange and Payment Procedures 80 Representations and Warranties 81 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 84 No Solicitation of Other Offers 85 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Adverse Recommendation Change 88 Employee Benefits 89 Indemnification and Insurance 90 Other Covenants 91 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 92 Termination of the Merger Agreement 93 Termination Fees 94 Specific Performance 95 Fees and Expenses 95 Amendment 95 Governing Law; Venue 95 PROPOSAL 2: THE JUNIPER COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 96 Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 96 PROPOSAL 3: THE OFFICER EXCULPATION PROPOSAL 97 Background of the Proposed Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 97 Rationale for the Proposed Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 97 Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 98 PROPOSAL 4: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING 99 Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 99 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 100 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 102 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 104 MISCELLANEOUS 105 ANNEX A A-1 ANNEX B B-1 ANNEX C C-1 ANNEX D D-1 ii Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger of Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc. with and into Juniper Networks, Inc. (the “ Merger ” ) and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement (as defined below), along with all of the documents to which we refer in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the caption “ Where You Can Find More Information. ” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should carefully read and consider the entire Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “ Juniper , ” “ we , ” “ our , ” “ us , ” the “ Company ” and similar words refer to Juniper Networks, Inc. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company as “ Parent ” or “ HPE ” and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc. as “ Merger Sub . ” In addition, throughout this proxy statement, we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 9, 2024, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and Juniper as the “ Merger Agreement , ” our common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, as “ Juniper common stock, ” and the holders of Juniper common stock as “ Juniper Stockholders .” Unless indicated otherwise, any other capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement . Parties Involved in the Merger Juniper Networks, Inc. Juniper delivers reliable and secure networking technology to our customers, including network operators, telecommunication and cloud providers, enterprise IT teams, lines of businesses and network users such as individual devices, machines, applications, microservices and data stores. Businesses across the world use our solutions to access the internet and digital services, and our networks support their mission critical tasks. Since our inception, we believe that our solutions have led the way in high-performance networking when scaling the internet was a top priority. As organizations shift to remote work models, and adopt hybrid and multi-cloud architectures, our customers are facing greater challenges operating increasingly complex networks and handling more traffic with fewer staff members and lower IT budgets. Our cloud-driven, Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) native technology simplifies network operations and meaningfully improves end-user experience by proactively resolving problems, resulting in fewer support tickets and less time to deploy, manage, and maintain the network than other competitive solutions. We believe this is our key differentiator. Our solutions address secure connectivity needs for: • Cloud and telecommunication service providers who build and operate the most mission critical networks in the world. • Enterprises in a broad array of industries including financial services, education, healthcare, retail, government agencies who are increasingly building mission critical networks to support their digital strategies. Our AI-native, enterprise networking operations (“ AIOps ”) software-as-a-service (“ SaaS ”) platform leverages data and automation to enable reliable, predictable, measurable user experience and superior performance for operators by simplifying deployment and day-to-day operations across the entire network. We categorize our customers into three verticals: Enterprise, Cloud and Service Provider. Our solutions are supporting the most demanding use cases across each vertical. 1 Table of Contents We strive to design and build best-in-class products and solutions to address our customer priorities, including: • Automated Wide Area Networking : Routing solutions for Wide Area Networking • AI-Driven Enterprise : Cloud management, networking and security solution for campus and branch environments such as universities, hospitals, and bank branches • Cloud-Ready Data Center : Fabric management, switching, network security and software-defined networking (“ SDN ”) solutions for next generation public and private data centers In addition to our products, we offer a variety of services, including maintenance and support, professional services, SaaS, and education and training programs to provide solutions that address our customers’ needs. We sell our solutions in more than 150 countries in three geographic regions: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa, which we refer to as EMEA; and Asia Pacific, which we refer to as APAC. Our corporate headquarters are located in Sunnyvale, California. Our website address is www.juniper.net. Our common stock is listed on NYSE under the symbol “ JNPR .” Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company HPE is a global technology leader focused on developing intelligent solutions that allow customers to capture, analyze and act upon data seamlessly from edge to cloud. HPE enables customers to accelerate business outcomes by driving new business models, creating new customer and employee experiences, and increasing operational efficiency today and into the future. HPE’s customers range from small-and-medium-sized businesses to large global enterprises and governmental entities. HPE’s legacy dates back to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard, and HPE strives every day to uphold and enhance that legacy through its dedication to providing innovative technological solutions to its customers. HPE was incorporated in Delaware in February 2015. HPE’s headquarters are in Spring, Texas. HPE common stock is listed on NYSE under the symbol “ HPE .” Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was incorporated in Delaware on December 29, 2023, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. It has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined below), Merger Sub will merge with and into Juniper and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, with Juniper continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Surviving Corporation ”). As a result of the Merger, Juniper common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from NYSE. In addition, Juniper common stock will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), and Juniper will no longer file periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”). If the Merger is completed, you will not own any shares of the capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. The time at which the Merger will become effective will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the applicable provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”) (the time of such filing and the acceptance for record by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Parent, Merger Sub and Juniper and specified in the certificate of merger, the “ Effective Time ”). 2 Table of Contents Merger Consideration Juniper Common Stock At the Effective Time, each then outstanding share of Juniper common stock (other than shares of Juniper common stock (i) held by Juniper as treasury stock, (ii) held by Parent or Merger Sub, (iii) held by any direct or indirect subsidiary of Juniper or Parent (other than Merger Sub) or (iv) held by Juniper Stockholders who have properly demanded and not withdrawn their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares of Juniper common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, the shares of Juniper common stock set forth in clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, the “ Excluded Shares ”) will be canceled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $40.00, without interest thereon (the “ Per Share Merger Consideration ”), less any applicable withholding taxes. At or promptly following the Effective Time, Parent will deposit (or cause to be deposited) an amount of cash equal to the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration with a designated exchange agent for payment of each share of Juniper common stock owned by each Juniper Stockholder. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]