DEFM14A 1 smartsheetdefm14a1142024.htm DEFM14A Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 Smartsheet Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Not applicable (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. SMARTSHEET INC. 500 108th Ave NE, Suite 200 Bellevue, Washington 98004 November 4, 2024 Dear Smartsheet Inc. Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of shareholders (which, together with any adjournments or postponements thereof, we refer to as the “Company Shareholders’ Meeting”) of Smartsheet Inc., a Washington corporation (which we refer to as “Smartsheet,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) to be held virtually via live webcast on December 9, 2024, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Time (unless the Company Shareholders’ Meeting is adjourned or postponed). You may attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SMAR2024SM. Please note that you will not be able to attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “attendance at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting” or “present at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting” mean virtually attending and present at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting. Formal notice of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, a proxy statement, and a proxy card accompany this letter. At the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (which we refer to, as it may be amended from time to time, as the “Merger Agreement”), dated September 24, 2024, by and among Smartsheet, Einstein Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Parent”), and Einstein Merger Sub, Inc., a Washington corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”) (we refer to such proposal as the “Merger Proposal”). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliates of investment funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (collectively, which we refer to as “Blackstone”), one of the world’s leading investment firms, investment funds managed by Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (which we refer to as “Vista Equity Partners”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies, and Platinum Falcon B 2018 RSC Limited (which we refer to as “Platinum Falcon”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (which we refer to as “ADIA”), will also be an indirect minority investor in Smartsheet. At the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger (as defined below) (we refer to such proposal as the “Compensation Proposal”). Finally, at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Company Shareholders’ Meeting to a later date or dates as provided in the Merger Agreement, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional votes if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting (which we refer to as the “Adjournment Proposal”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Smartsheet (which we refer to as the “Merger,” which, together with each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we refer to as the “Transactions”), whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, with Smartsheet surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act (which we refer to as the “WBCA”). If you are a Smartsheet shareholder and the Merger is completed, each share of Smartsheet Class A Common Stock (which we refer to as the “common stock”), that you own as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, will be automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $56.50 in cash (which we refer to as the “Merger Consideration”), without interest (except for shares owned by any shareholder who has properly exercised and perfected such shareholder’s demand for dissenters’ rights pursuant to Chapter 23B.13 of the WBCA and who has not effectively withdrawn or forfeited such holder’s dissenters’ rights). Smartsheet’s board of directors (which we refer to as the “Board of Directors”), after careful consideration, including considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, has unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of Smartsheet and the shareholders of Smartsheet, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement; (ii) approved the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, including the Merger, with Smartsheet surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, in accordance with the WBCA; and (iii) subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, resolved to recommend that Smartsheet’s shareholders adopt the Merger Agreement and directed that such matter be submitted for consideration of Smartsheet’s shareholders at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the Merger Proposal, (ii) “FOR” the Compensation Proposal, and (iii) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal. The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, the Merger Agreement, and the Merger. The enclosed proxy statement also includes a summary of certain terms of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement (which includes a copy of the articles of incorporation of the surviving corporation in Exhibit A thereto). The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. We encourage you to read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. Whether or not you plan to attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting virtually, please sign, date, and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. If you attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting and vote online during the meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares of our common stock in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares of our common stock in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker, or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the Merger Proposal, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares of our common stock that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the Merger Proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares of our common stock, please contact our Proxy Solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York, NY 10022 Shareholders May Call Toll-Free: +1 (877) 750-0510 Banks & Brokers May Call Collect: +1 (212) 750-5833 On behalf of the Board of Directors, we thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of this matter. Sincerely, Michael Gregoire Mark P. Mader Chair of the Board President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Merger, the adoption of the Merger Agreement or any other transaction described in the accompanying proxy statement, or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in the accompanying proxy statement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated November 4, 2024 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed on or about November 4, 2024. SMARTSHEET INC. 500 108th Ave NE, Suite 200 Bellevue, Washington 98004 NOTICE OF SPECIAL COMPANY MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD VIRTUALLY VIA THE INTERNET ON DECEMBER 9, 2024 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of shareholders (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, which we refer to as the “Company Shareholders’ Meeting”) of Smartsheet Inc., a Washington corporation (which we refer to as “Smartsheet,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), will be held on December 9, 2024, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Time (unless the Company Shareholders’ Meeting is adjourned or postponed). Smartsheet shareholders will be able to attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting virtually via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SMAR2024SM. Please note that you will not be able to attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “attendance at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting” or “present at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting” mean virtually attending and present at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting. The Company Shareholders’ Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (which we refer to, as it may be amended from time to time, as the “Merger Agreement”), dated September 24, 2024, by and among Smartsheet, Einstein Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Parent”), and Einstein Merger Sub, Inc., a Washington corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”). A summary of the terms of the Merger Agreement can be found starting on page 1 of the enclosed proxy statement. You are urged to read the summary in its entirety. A copy of the Merger Agreement is also attached as Annex A to this Notice. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Smartsheet (which we refer to as the “Merger”), whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, with Smartsheet surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (we refer to this proposal as the “Merger Proposal”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger (we refer to this proposal as the “Compensation Proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Company Shareholders’ Meeting to a later date or dates as provided in the Merger Agreement, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional votes if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting (we refer to this proposal as the “Adjournment Proposal”). Only Smartsheet shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 25, 2024 are entitled to notice of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting and to vote at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares of our common stock that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the Merger Proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Smartsheet’s common stock. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the Merger Proposal, (ii) “FOR” the Compensation Proposal, and (iii) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal. Whether or not you plan to attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting virtually, please sign, date, and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. If you are a shareholder of record, and you attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting and vote online during the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares of our common stock in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares of our common stock in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker, or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the Merger Proposal, without your instructions. By the Order of the Board of Directors, Jolene Marshall Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Bellevue, Washington, USA November 4, 2024 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (i) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED; (ii) OVER THE INTERNET; OR (iii) BY TELEPHONE. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting. If you hold your shares of our common stock in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote your shares of our common stock in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Your bank, broker, or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the Merger Proposal, without your instructions. If you are a shareholder of record, voting online during the Company Shareholders’ Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares of our common stock through a bank, broker, or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote online at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting. If you fail to (i) return your signed proxy card; (ii) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone; or (iii) attend the Company Shareholders’ Meeting and vote online during the meeting, your shares of our common stock will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the Merger Proposal, but will have no effect on the Compensation Proposal and Adjournment Proposal. We encourage you to read the accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including all documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the Merger, the Company Shareholders’ Meeting or this proxy statement, would like additional copies of this proxy statement or need help voting your shares of our common stock, please contact our Proxy Solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York, NY 10022 Shareholders May Call Toll-Free: +1 (877) 750-0510 Banks & Brokers May Call Collect: +1 (212) 750-5833 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SUMMARY 1 Parties Involved in the Merger 1 Treatment of Equity Awards 3 Financing of the Merger; Damages Commitment 5 Conditions to the Merger 6 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 7 Recommendation of the Board of Directors 7 Opinion of Smartsheet’s Financial Advisor 8 Interests of Smartsheet’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 8 Dissenters’ Rights 9 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Merger 9 Acquisition Proposals 10 Company Board Recommendation Change 11 Termination of the Merger Agreement 11 Specific Performance 11 Effect on Smartsheet if the Merger is Not Completed 12 The Company Shareholders’ Meeting 12 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 15 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 25 THE COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING 26 Date, Time and Place 26 Purpose of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting 26 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum 26 Votes Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 26 Shares of our Common Stock Held by Smartsheet’s Directors and Executive Officers 27 Voting and Proxies 27 Revocability of Proxies 29 Board of Directors’ Recommendation 29 Solicitation of Proxies 29 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 30 Other Matters 30 Householding of Company Shareholders’ Meeting Materials 30 Questions and Additional Information 30 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 31 PROPOSAL 2: COMPENSATION PAID TO NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER 32 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING 33 THE MERGER 34 Parties Involved in the Merger 34 Effect of the Merger 36 Effect on Smartsheet if the Merger is Not Completed 36 Merger Consideration 37 Background of the Merger 37 Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 48 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP 53 Certain Financial Projections 61 Interests of Smartsheet’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 63 Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to our Named Executive Officers 69 Golden Parachute Compensation 69 Financing of the Merger; Damages Commitment 71 Closing and Effective Time 71 Delisting and Deregistration of Smartsheet Common Stock 72 Dissenters’ Rights 72 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Merger 76 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger 79 THE MERGER AGREEMENT 81 Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement 81 The Merger 81 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 82 Directors and Officers 82 Effect on Capital Stock 82 Exchange and Payment Procedures 83 Treatment of Smartsheet Equity Awards 83 Representations and Warranties 85 Conduct of Business 86 The Go-Shop Period — Solicitation of Other Offers 89 The No-Shop Period — No Solicitation of Other Offers 91 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change 92 Regulatory Filings 95 Shareholders’ Meeting 96 Public Statements and Disclosure 96 Directors’ and Officers’ Indemnification and Insurance 96 Shareholder Litigation 97 Employee Matters 97 Debt Financing 97 Conditions to the Merger 98 Termination 99 Effect of Termination 101 Termination Fee 101 Specific Performance 102 Limitations of Liability 102 Fees and Expenses 103 Governing Law 103 MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND DATA 104 SUPPORT AGREEMENT 105 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 106 DEADLINE FOR FUTURE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 109 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 110 MISCELLANEOUS 112 ANNEX A: AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER A- 1 ANNEX B: SUPPORT AGREEMENT B- 1 ANNEX C: OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP C- 1 ANNEX D: DISSENTERS’ RIGHTS UNDER THE WBCA D- 1 ANNEX E: AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF SMARTSHEET E- 1 ANNEX F: AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF SMARTSHEET F- 1 SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger of Einstein Merger Sub, Inc. with and into Smartsheet Inc., which we refer to as the “Merger,” (which, together with each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we refer to as the “Transactions”) and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement and the documents that we refer to in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Where You Can Find More Information.” Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “Smartsheet,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” and similar words refer to Smartsheet Inc., a Washington corporation, including, in certain cases, our subsidiaries. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Einstein Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as “Parent,” and Einstein Merger Sub, Inc., a Washington corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, as “Merger Sub.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 24, 2024, by and among Smartsheet, Parent and Merger Sub, as it may be amended from time to time, as the “Merger Agreement.” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should read and consider the Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger, carefully and in its entirety. Parties Involved in the Merger Smartsheet Inc. Smartsheet, the enterprise work management platform, empowers organizations to innovate and achieve results quickly and securely at scale through effective collaboration and streamlined workflows. By uniting people, content, and work, Smartsheet provides powerful capabilities that revolutionize the way teams operate. Smartsheet makes outcomes reliable, keeps customer data safe, and ensures users are aligned, making it ideal for organizations seeking efficient, impactful collaborative work management. Smartsheet’s Class A common stock (which we refer to as “common stock”) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (which we refer to as “NYSE”) under the symbol “SMAR.” Smartsheet’s Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange, and no shares of Class B common stock are outstanding. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger — Parties Involved in the Merger .” Einstein Parent, Inc. Parent was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions. Parent has not engaged in any business activities other than as incidental to its formation and in connection with the Transactions and arranging of the equity financing and any potential debt financing in connection with the Merger. Parent is an affiliate of Blackstone and VEPF VIII (as such terms are defined below). Parent’s address is Four Embarcadero Center 20 th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger — Parties Involved in the Merger .” Einstein Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions. Merger Sub has not engaged in any business activities other than as incidental to its formation and in 1 connection with the Transactions and arranging of the equity financing and any potential debt financing in connection with the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and Smartsheet will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Merger Sub is an affiliate of Blackstone and VEPF VIII. Merger Sub’s address is Four Embarcadero Center, 20 th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger — Parties Involved in the Merger .” Blackstone Inc. Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with investment funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (which we collectively refer to as “Blackstone”). In connection with the Transactions, Blackstone has committed to provide Parent, at or prior to the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) with an aggregate cash amount of up to $2,105,000,000, which will be available, together with the other Equity Financing Commitments (as defined below), available cash on hand of Smartsheet and any third party financing obtained by Parent or its affiliates as of the Closing to fund the aggregate Merger Consideration (including payments in respect of Smartsheet’s outstanding equity-based awards payable in connection with the Closing pursuant to the Merger Agreement) and to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid in connection with the Closing by Parent and Merger Sub as described further in this proxy statement under the caption “ The Merger—Financing of the Merger; Damages Commitment. ” For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger — Parties Involved in the Merger .” Vista Equity Partners Fund VIII, L.P. Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Fund VIII, L.P. (which we refer to as “VEPF VIII” and collectively with Blackstone, the “Buyers”), and VEPF VIII is affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC (which we refer to as “Vista Equity Partners”). In connection with the Transactions, VEPF VIII has committed to provide Parent, at or prior to the Closing with an aggregate cash amount of up to $1,753,000,000, which will be available, together with the other Equity Financing Commitments (as defined below), available cash on hand of Smartsheet and any third party financing obtained by Parent or its affiliates as of the Closing to fund the aggregate Merger Consideration (including payments in respect of Smartsheet’s outstanding equity-based awards payable in connection with the Closing pursuant to the Merger Agreement) and to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid in connection with the Closing by Parent and Merger Sub as described further in this proxy statement under the caption “ The Merger—Financing of the Merger; Damages Commitment. ” For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “ The Merger — Parties Involved in the Merger .” Platinum Falcon B 2018 RSC Limited In connection with the Transactions, Platinum Falcon, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ADIA, has committed to provide Parent, at or prior to the Closing with an aggregate cash amount of up to $900,000,000, which will be available, together with the other Equity Financing Commitments (as defined below), available cash on hand of Smartsheet and any third party financing obtained by Parent or its affiliates as of the Closing to fund the aggregate Merger Consideration (including payments in respect of Smartsheet’s outstanding equity-based awards payable in connection with the Closing pursuant to the Merger Agreement) and to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid in connection with the Closing by Parent and Merger Sub as described further in this proxy statement under the caption “ The Merger—Financing of the Merger

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]