DEFM14A 1 ny20030653x9_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under § 240.14a-12 Squarespace, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☐ No fee required. ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS SQUARESPACE, INC. 225 Varick Street, 12 th Floor New York, New York 10014 To the Stockholders of Squarespace, Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders (together with any adjournment, postponement, or other delay thereof, the “ Special Meeting ”) of Squarespace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Squarespace ”). The Special Meeting will be held on September 20, 2024, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern time. You may attend the Special Meeting via a live interactive webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SQSP2024SM. You will be able to listen to the Special Meeting live and submit a proxy online. We believe that a virtual meeting provides expanded access, improved communication and cost savings for our stockholders. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time), dated as of May 13, 2024 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), among Spaceship Purchaser, Inc. (“ Parent ”), Spaceship Group MergerCo, Inc. (“ Merger Sub ”) and Squarespace. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of Permira Advisers LLC (“ Permira Advisers ”), a global investment firm that backs businesses with growth ambitions and a track record investing in internet, software and SMB-enablement solutions. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Squarespace, with Squarespace surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “ Merger ”). At the Special Meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by Squarespace to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is completed, at the effective time of the Merger, each share of Squarespace’s (1) Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, (2) Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share and (3) Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger ((a)-(c) collectively, the “ Squarespace Common Stock ”), subject to certain exceptions specified in the Merger Agreement, will be canceled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $44.00 per share, without interest thereon and subject to any applicable withholding taxes. This amount represents an approximately 15% premium to the closing price of Squarespace Common Stock of $38.19 per share on May 10, 2024, the last trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, as well as a premium of approximately 29% over the 90-day volume weighted average trading price of $34.09 per share on May 10, 2024. The proposed Merger is a “going private transaction” under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the Merger is completed, Squarespace will become a privately held company, wholly owned by Parent. Squarespace’s Board of Directors (the “ Squarespace Board ”) (1) formed a Special Committee of the Squarespace Board comprised solely of independent and disinterested directors (the “ Special Committee ”) to consider, review, evaluate and negotiate potential strategic alternatives, including a possible sale or other business transaction involving all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of Squarespace Common Stock or Squarespace’s assets on a consolidated basis and any similar strategic alternatives to such potential transaction, (2) delegated the powers of the Squarespace Board to the Special Committee, including the power to determine not to proceed with any potential transaction or any alternative thereto, and (3) authorized and empowered the Special Committee to do all acts as may be necessary or appropriate in its judgment to carry out the duties of the Special Committee. The Special Committee, as more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, with the assistance of its own independent financial and legal advisors, considered, evaluated and negotiated the Merger Agreement. At the conclusion of its review, the Special Committee, among other things, unanimously (1) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions TABLE OF CONTENTS contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of Squarespace and its stockholders and (2) recommended that the Squarespace Board approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, and submit to Squarespace’s stockholders, and recommend the adoption of, the Merger Agreement. In addition, the Special Committee believes that the Merger is fair to Squarespace’s “unaffiliated security holders,” as such term is defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”). The Squarespace Board, acting upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, (1) determined that the Merger Agreement is in the best interests of Squarespace and its stockholders, (2) declared the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby advisable, (3) approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Squarespace, the performance by Squarespace of its covenants and other obligations in the Merger, and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and conditions set forth therein, and (4) resolved to submit the Merger Agreement to Squarespace’s stockholders for adoption and (5) recommended that Squarespace’s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. In addition, the Squarespace Board, on behalf of Squarespace, believes that the Merger is fair to Squarespace’s “unaffiliated security holders,” as such term is defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act. The Squarespace Board unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, (2) “FOR” the compensation that will or may become payable by Squarespace to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the approval of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement requires the affirmative vote of the (1) holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Squarespace Common Stock beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Unaffiliated Company Stockholders (as defined below), (2) holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Squarespace Common Stock, (3) holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, and (4) holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. The “ Unaffiliated Company Stockholders ” means the holders of Squarespace Common Stock, excluding (1) General Atlantic L.P. (“ General Atlantic ”), its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (2) Accel Management Co. Inc., its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (3) Permira Advisers , its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (4) the members of the Squarespace Board, (5) any person that Squarespace has determined to be an “officer” of Squarespace within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act and (6) Anthony Casalena and his controlled affiliates (“ Casalena ”). Each record holder of Squarespace Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Squarespace Class A Common Stock owned of record as of the close of business on August 19, 2024 (the “ Record Date ”). Each record holder of Squarespace Class B Common Stock is entitled to ten votes for each share of Squarespace Class B Common Stock owned of record as of the close of business on the Record Date. If you fail to vote on the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, the effect will be the same as a vote against such proposal. The accompanying proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger, and the other proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The accompanying proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Squarespace Board and the Special Committee in connection with their evaluation of, among other things, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. Please read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in their entirety, as they contain important information. In connection with execution of the Merger Agreement, certain of Squarespace’s existing stockholders, including certain affiliates of (i) Casalena, (ii) General Atlantic and (iii) certain funds affiliated with Accel Management Co. Inc. entered into support agreements, pursuant to which the applicable stockholders agreed to vote all of their respective shares of Squarespace Common Stock in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain terms and conditions contained in the support agreements. In addition, pursuant to the support agreements and subject to the terms and conditions described in the section of the proxy statement captioned “ The Support Agreements ”, among other things, each of (i) the Casalena Rollover Stockholders, (ii) the General Atlantic Rollover Stockholder and (iii) the Accel Rollover Stockholders (as defined in the proxy statement and collectively, the “ Rollover Stockholders ”) will contribute a portion of the shares of Squarespace Common Stock it owns to a direct TABLE OF CONTENTS or indirect parent company of Parent in exchange for equity interests in such direct or indirect parent company of Parent, which contribution and exchange will happen immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (the “ Closing ”) and, solely as a result of such contribution and exchange, each of the Casalena Rollover Stockholders, the General Atlantic Rollover Stockholder and the Accel Rollover Stockholders (together, as applicable, with their respective affiliates) will own approximately 33.4%, 8.5% and 0.5%, respectively, of such direct or indirect parent company, immediately following the consummation of such contribution and exchange (with respect to the Accel Rollover Stockholders, such percentage does not reflect the Accel Equity Commitment). As a result of the Merger, the shares of Squarespace Common Stock contributed to such direct or indirect parent company of Parent by the Rollover Stockholders will be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion thereof or consideration paid therefor along with any other shares of Squarespace Common Stock owned by Parent or Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger. Copies of the support agreements are attached as Annex C , Annex D and Annex E to the proxy statement. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting, please grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card) or mark, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card by mail as promptly as possible using the enclosed prepaid reply envelope. If you attend the Special Meeting and vote at the Special Meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to grant your proxy or to attend the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the adoption of the Merger Agreement. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the Special Meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting without your instructions. As a result, if you do not provide your bank, broker or other nominee with any voting instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of a quorum and will not be voted at the Special Meeting, which will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the adoption of the Merger Agreement. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M&A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders call: (877) 750-2689 (toll-free from the U.S. and Canada) or +1 (412) 232-3651 (from other countries) Banks and brokers call collect: (212) 750-5833 Thank you for your support. Sincerely, Courtenay O’Connor General Counsel and Secretary Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. TABLE OF CONTENTS SQUARESPACE, INC. 225 Varick Street, 12 th Floor New York, New York 10014 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 20, 2024 Notice is given that a special meeting of stockholders (together with any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof, the “ Special Meeting ”) of Squarespace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Squarespace ”), will be held on September 20, 2024, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern time, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”), dated as of May 13, 2024, by and among Spaceship Purchaser, Inc., Spaceship Group MergerCo, Inc., and Squarespace (the “ Merger Proposal ”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by Squarespace to its named executive officers in connection with the merger (the “ Merger ”) of Spaceship Group MergerCo, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Spaceship Purchaser, Inc., with and into Squarespace (the “ Compensation Proposal ”); and 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “ Adjournment Proposal ”). The foregoing matters are more fully described in the attached proxy statement. The proxy statement, as well as the Merger Agreement attached thereto, are hereby incorporated by reference in this Notice. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the approval of the Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of (1) the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Squarespace Common Stock beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Unaffiliated Company Stockholders to adopt the Merger Agreement, (2) the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Squarespace Common Stock to adopt the Merger Agreement, (3) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Squarespace’s Class A Common Stock to adopt the Merger Agreement, and (4) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Squarespace’s Class B Common Stock to adopt the Merger Agreement. The “ Unaffiliated Company Stockholders ” means the holders of Squarespace Common Stock, excluding (1) General Atlantic L.P., its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (2) Accel Management Co. Inc., its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (3) Permira Advisers, its investment fund affiliates and its portfolio companies majority owned by such investment fund affiliates, (4) the members of the Squarespace Board, (5) any person that Squarespace has determined to be an “officer” of Squarespace within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act and (6) Anthony Casalena and his controlled affiliates. Approval of each of the Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of Squarespace Common Stock present by means of remote communication or represented by proxy at the Special Meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Special Meeting will be held by means of a live interactive webcast on the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SQSP2024SM. We believe this is the most effective approach for enabling stockholder attendance and participation. The Special Meeting will begin promptly at 9:00 A.M. Eastern time. Online check-in will begin at 8:45 A.M. Eastern time, and you should allow ample time for the check-in procedures. You will need the control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form in order to participate in the Special Meeting (including voting your shares). TABLE OF CONTENTS Only Squarespace’s stockholders as of the close of business on August 19, 2024 (the “ Record Date ”) are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting or at any postponement or adjournment thereof. A list of stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Special Meeting will be available at Squarespace’s corporate offices located at 225 Varick Street, 12 th Floor, New York, New York 10014 during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the Special Meeting and on the virtual meeting website during the Special Meeting. Squarespace’s Board of Directors, acting upon the recommendation of the Special Committee of Squarespace’s Board of Directors, unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement, (2) “FOR” the compensation that will or may become payable by Squarespace to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and (3) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, from time to time, to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. Record holders and beneficial owners of Squarespace Common Stock who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and who otherwise comply with the requirements under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”) will have the right to seek appraisal of the “fair value” of their shares of our common stock (exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger and together with interest thereon, as described in the accompanying proxy statement) in lieu of receiving $44.00 per share in cash if the Merger is completed, as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. To do so, a record holder or beneficial owner must properly demand appraisal before the vote is taken on the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting and comply with all other requirements of the DGCL, including Section 262 of the DGCL, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement, and certain conditions set forth in Section 262(g) of the DGCL must be satisfied. Section 262 of the DGCL may be accessed without subscription or cost at the following publicly available website: https://delcode.delaware.gov/title8/c001/sc09/index.html#262 and is incorporated in this notice by reference. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting, please grant your proxy electronically over the internet or by telephone (using the instructions found on the proxy card) or sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card by mail in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you attend the Special Meeting and vote at the Special Meeting, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you fail to return your proxy or to attend the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal. If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” If you hold your shares in “street name,” you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order to submit your voting instructions and have your shares counted at the Special Meeting. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting without your instructions. As a result, if you do not provide your bank, broker or other nominee with any voting instructions, your shares will not be counted for purposes of a quorum and will not be voted at the Special Meeting, which will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal. By Order of the Board of Directors, Courtenay O’Connor General Counsel and Secretary New York, New York August 22, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS SQUARESPACE, INC. PROXY STATEMENT FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 20, 2024 This proxy statement is dated August 22, 2024 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being sent to stockholders on or about August 22, 2024. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS ​ ​ iv SUMMARY TERM SHEET ​ ​ 1 Introduction ​ ​ 1 The Parties to the Merger ​ ​ 1 The Special Meeting ​ ​ 2 Votes Required ​ ​ 3 Intent of Squarespace’s Directors and Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders to Vote in Favor of the Merger ​ ​ 3 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendations of the Special Committee and the Squarespace Board ​ ​ 4 Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the Special Committee ​ ​ 4 Position of the Permira Filing Parties and Parent Entities as to the Fairness of the Merger ​ ​ 5 Position of the Rollover Stockholders as to the Fairness of the Merger ​ ​ 5 Certain Effects of the Merger ​ ​ 6 Treatment of Shares and Equity Awards ​ ​ 6 Certain Effects on Squarespace if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ 7 Interests of Squarespace’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger ​ ​ 8 The Support Agreements ​ ​ 9 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Merger ​ ​ 9 Restrictions on Solicitation of Other Acquisition Offers ​ ​ 10 Change in the Squarespace Board’s Recommendation ​ ​ 10 Fee Funding Agreement ​ ​ 10 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ 12 Termination Fees and Remedies ​ ​ 13 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 13 Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 14 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ 15 SPECIAL FACTORS ​ ​ 25 Background of the Merger ​ ​ 25 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Squarespace Board ​ ​ 40 Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the Special Committee ​ ​ 48 Position of the Permira Filing Parties and Parent Entities as to the Fairness of the Merger ​ ​ 54 Materials Provided to Permira by Goldman Sachs ​ ​ 58 Position of the Rollover Filing Parties as to the Fairness of the Merger ​ ​ 64 Plans for Squarespace After the Merger ​ ​ 66 Purposes and Reasons of the Purchaser Filing Parties ​ ​ 67 Certain Effects of the Merger ​ ​ 67 Certain Effects on Squarespace if the Merger is Not Completed ​ ​ 70 Unaudited Prospective Financial Information ​ ​ 70 Interests of Squarespace’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger ​ ​ 74 Intent of Squarespace’s Directors and Executive Officers to Vote in Favor of the Merger ​ ​ 79 Intent of Certain Stockholders to Vote in Favor of the Merger ​ ​ 79 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger ​ ​ 80 Accounting Treatment ​ ​ 80 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Merger ​ ​ 80 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 83 Fee Funding Agreement ​ ​ 83 Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 84 Delisting and Deregistration of Squarespace Common Stock ​ ​ 87 Fees and Expenses ​ ​ 87 Certain Material Relationships ​ ​ 88 Litigation Relating to the Merger ​ ​ 88 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 89 THE PARTIES TO THE MERGER ​ ​ 91 i TABLE OF CONTENTS Squarespace ​ ​ 91 Parent Entities ​ ​ 91 THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 92 Date, Time and Place ​ ​ 92 Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ 92 Attending the Special Meeting ​ ​ 92 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum ​ ​ 92 Votes Required ​ ​ 92 Abstentions ​ ​ 93 Broker Non-Votes ​ ​ 93 Shares Held by Squarespace’s Directors and Executive Officers ​ ​ 93 Voting of Proxies ​ ​ 93 Revocability of Proxies ​ ​ 94 Adjournment ​ ​ 94 Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ 95 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger ​ ​ 95 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 95 Other Matters ​ ​ 96 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on September 20, 2024 ​ ​ 96 Householding of Special Meeting Materials ​ ​ 96 Questions and Additional Information ​ ​ 96 THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 97 Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement ​ ​ 97 Effect of the Merger ​ ​ 97 Closing and Effective Time ​ ​ 97 Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws ​ ​ 98 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 98 Exchange and Payment Procedures ​ ​ 99 Representations and Warranties ​ ​ 

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]