Scheme of arrangement By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Accept All Cookies Reject All XS SM MD LG XL Overview Regulatory News Results, Reports & Presentations IMPORTANT INFORMATION Access to the information and documents on this portion of the website is restricted for regulatory reasons. You are requested to review the following information and make the following confirmation each time you seek to access this restricted information. Your confirmation must be true and accurate. Please enter your country of residence: --- Select Country --- Australia Canada Dubai Hong Kong Japan Singapore Switzerland United States of America United Kingdom All other countries NEXT IMPORTANT INFORMATION ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION AND DOCUMENTS ON THIS PORTION OF THE WEBSITE IS RESTRICTED FOR REGULATORY REASONS. YOU ARE REQUESTED TO REVIEW THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION AND MAKE THE FOLLOWING CONFIRMATION EACH TIME YOU SEEK TO ACCESS THIS RESTRICTED INFORMATION. YOUR CONFIRMATION MUST BE TRUE AND ACCURATE. ELECTRONIC VERSIONS OF THE MATERIALS YOU ARE SEEKING TO ACCESS ARE BEING MADE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE BY DARKTRACE PLC (THE "ISSUER") IN GOOD FAITH AND ARE FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. THE ISSUER DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTRAVENTION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY INDIVIDUALS FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR FAIRNESS OR USE OF INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SUCH INDIVIDUALS. THESE MATERIALS ARE NOT DIRECTED AT OR ACCESSIBLE BY PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES OR PERSONS RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, DUBAI, HONG KONG, JAPAN, SINGAPORE, SWITZERLAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE EXTENSION OF AVAILABILITY OF THE MATERIALS TO WHICH YOU ARE SEEKING ACCESS WOULD BREACH ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. The release, publication or distribution of the documents or other information contained herein may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession any of the documents or other information contained herein come should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. The information and documents on this portion of the website (a) are intended only for, and may be accessed by, or distributed or disseminated, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, to (i) "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " US Securities Act ") (" QIBs ") or (ii) persons resident or physically present outside the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia), Australia, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland and resident and physically present in a jurisdiction in which such access, distribution or dissemination would not constitute a violation of the local securities laws or regulations of such jurisdiction, and (b) are not and do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire, any ordinary shares or other securities of the Issuer in the United States, Australia, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would constitute a violation of the local securities laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would be otherwise unlawful. Securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act. In particular, the securities have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. Any securities will not be registered under or offered in compliance with applicable securities laws of any state, province, territory, county or jurisdiction of the United States, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore or Switzerland. Accordingly, unless an exemption under the relevant securities law is applicable, any such securities may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or distributed, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of, or require registration thereof in, such jurisdiction. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States. Any securities sold in the United States will be sold only to QIBs in reliance on an exemption from, or transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The information and documents on this portion of the website are being addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (" Member States ") who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (" Qualified Investors "). In addition, in the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, and which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are also persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within the definition of "investment professionals" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 as amended (the " Order ") or who are high net worth bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and partnerships or the trustee of high value trusts falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as " Relevant Persons "). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons in the United Kingdom and Qualified Investors in Member States, and will only be engaged with such persons. Persons who are not Relevant Persons (in the United Kingdom) or Qualified Investors (in Member States) should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Certain statements contained in documents available on this part of the website constitute forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Forward-looking statements contained in documents available on this part of the website that reference past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will necessarily continue in the future. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the relevant document. To confirm that: you have read, understand and agree to comply with all of the restrictions set forth above; you are either (i) a QIB in the United States or (ii) are resident and physically present in a country outside the United States, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore or Switzerland or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution or access is unlawful; you are not resident or physically present in any Member State, unless you are a Qualified Investor; you are not resident or physically present in the United Kingdom, unless you are a Relevant Person; it is lawful for you to review and receive copies of the documents on this website; you agree that you will not transmit or otherwise send any information contained in this website to any person in the United States or to publications with a general circulation in the United States; and are authorised and permitted to proceed to electronic versions of the information and documents on this portion of the website. Please select "I confirm" below: I CONFIRM I CANNOT CONFIRM DISCLAIMER - IMPORTANT We regret that, due to applicable legal restrictions, we are unable to provide you with access to this section of our website. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. Click here to return to the homepage. Cancel Regulatory News Scheme of arrangement RNS Number : 5638P Darktrace PLC 23 May 2024 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 23 MAY 2024 RECOMMENDED CASH ACQUISITION of Darktrace plc by Luke Bidco Limited (a newly-formed company indirectly wholly-owned by funds managed and/or advised by Thoma Bravo, L.P.) to be implemented by means of a scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 On 26 April 2024, the boards of directors of Luke Bidco Limited (" Bidco ") and Darktrace plc (" Darktrace ") announced that they had reached agreement on the terms and conditions of a recommended all cash acquisition by Bidco of the entire issued, and to be issued, ordinary share capital of Darktrace. It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006. Publication of the Scheme Document Darktrace is pleased to announce that the scheme document containing the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition (the " Scheme Document "), together with the related Forms of Proxy, is being published and sent today to Darktrace Shareholders and, for information only, to persons with information rights and participants in the Darktrace Share Schemes. The Scheme Document will be made available on Darktrace's website at https://ir.darktrace.com/ . Copies of the Scheme Document have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Terms defined in the Scheme Document have the same meanings in this announcement. Notices of the Court Meeting and General Meeting As described in the Scheme Document, to become effective the Scheme will require, amongst other things: (i) the approval of a majority in number of Scheme Shareholders present and voting either in person or by proxy at the Court Meeting (or any adjournment thereof), representing not less than 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shares voted by such Scheme Shareholders; (ii) the passing of the Special Resolution by the requisite majority of Darktrace Shareholders at the General Meeting (or any adjournment thereof); and (iii) the subsequent sanction of the Scheme by the Court. The Scheme is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions and further terms that are set out in the Scheme Document. Notices of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting, both of which will be held at the offices of Latham & Watkins ( London ) LLP at 99 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3XF, United Kingdom , on 18 June 2024, are set out in the Scheme Document. The Court Meeting will commence at 2.30 p.m. and the General Meeting at 2.45 p.m. (or, if later, as soon as the Court Meeting has concluded or been adjourned). It is important that, for the Court Meeting in particular, as many votes as possible are cast, so that the Court may be satisfied that there is a fair and reasonable representation of the opinion of Scheme Shareholders. Scheme Shareholders and Darktrace Shareholders are therefore strongly encouraged to submit proxy appointments and instructions for the Court Meeting and the General Meeting using any of the methods set out in the Scheme Document as soon as possible and, in any event, by no later than 2.30 p.m. on 14 June 2024 in the case of the Court Meeting and by no later than 2.45 p.m. on 14 June 2024 in the case of the General Meeting (or, in the case of any adjournment, not later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the fixed time for the holding of the adjourned meeting). Recommendation The Darktrace Board, which has been so advised by Jefferies and Qatalyst Partners as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, considers the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Darktrace Board, Jefferies and Qatalyst Partners have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Darktrace Board. Jefferies and Qatalyst Partners are providing independent advice to the Darktrace Board for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, the Darktrace Board unanimously recommends that the Darktrace Shareholders vote or procure votes in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Special Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting, as the Darktrace Directors who hold interests in Darktrace Shares (in a personal capacity or through a nominee) have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings (or those Darktrace Shares over which they have control). Darktrace Shareholders should read the Scheme Document in its entirety before making a decision with respect to the Scheme. Timetable The Scheme Document contains an expected timetable of principal events relating to the Scheme, which is also set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement. The hearing of the Court to sanction the Scheme is currently expected to be held in the third or fourth quarter of 2024, subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions set out in the Scheme Document. If any of the key dates set out in the timetable change, Darktrace will give notice of this change by issuing an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service and by making such announcement available on Darktrace's website at https://ir.darktrace.com/ . Shareholder helpline If Darktrace Shareholders have any questions relating to this announcement, the Scheme Document, the Court Meeting, the General Meeting or the completion and return of the Forms of Proxy or the GREEN Form of Election, please call the Shareholder Helpline operated by Equiniti between 8.30 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. Monday to Friday (except public holidays in England & Wales ) on +44 (0) 333 207 6394 (from outside the UK , international rates apply). Please note that calls may be monitored or recorded and the Shareholder Helpline cannot provide advice on the merits of the Acquisition or the Scheme or give any financial, legal or tax advice. For deaf and speech impaired shareholders, calls can be made via Relay UK . Please see www.relayuk.bt.com for more information. Additional irrevocable undertaking Bidco has received a further irrevocable undertaking dated 23 May 2024 from Nicholas Trim to vote (or, where applicable, procure voting) in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the Special Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting (or in the event that the Acquisition is implemented by an Offer, to accept or procure acceptance of such Offer), in respect of 2,146,460 Darktrace Shares (representing approximately 0.30 per cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital of Darktrace as at 22 May 2024, being the last Business Day before the date of this announcement). This undertaking will remain binding in the event that a higher competing offer for Darktrace is made. Further details of this irrevocable undertaking are set out in Appendix 2 to this announcement. Bidco has, therefore, received irrevocable undertakings in respect of a total of 103,032,108 Darktrace Shares (representing approximately 14.71 per cent. of the existing issued ordinary share capital of Darktrace as at 22 May 2024, being the last Business Day before the date of this announcement). Further details of these irrevocable undertakings, including the circumstances in which they cease to be binding, are set out in paragraph 6 of part VII ( Additional Information ) of the Scheme Document. Entry into Amended and Restated Financing Agreements It is also announced that, among others, Bidco as bidco, Leia Finco US LLC as borrower and guarantor, Goldman Sachs Bank US as interim facilities agent and interim security agent, and the Acceding Finance Parties (as defined in the A&R IFA) have entered into an amended and restated Interim Facilities Agreement (the " A&R IFA "). In connection with the A&R IFA, some or all of such parties have also entered into amended and restated versions of financing documents relating thereto, including an amended and restated commitment letter, an amended and restated commitment fee letter and an amended and restated CP satisfaction letter (together with the A&R IFA, the " A&R Finance Documents "). Other than the accession of the Acceding Finance Parties, the A&R Finance Documents are on substantively the same terms as the financing documents entered into on or around the same date as the Announcement. On 20 May 2024, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Thoma Bravo Credit Fund III, L.P. entered into a back-to-back commitment letter whereby Thoma Bravo Credit Fund III, L.P. committed to purchase part of the financing commitment under the A&R Finance Documents on the terms and conditions set out therein (the " B2B Commitment Letter "). Goldman Sachs International, in its capacity as financial adviser to Bidco, is satisfied that sufficient resources are available to Bidco to satisfy in full the cash consideration payable to Darktrace Shareholders under the terms of the Acquisition. A copy of the A&R Finance Documents and the B2B Commitment Letter will be available on Darktrace's website at https://ir.darktrace.com . Enquiries Darktrace via Headland +44 (0)20 3805 4852 Jefferies (Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Darktrace) Philip Yates Dominic Lester Nandan Shinkre Paul Bundred +44 (0)20 7029 8000 Qatalyst Partners (Joint Financial Adviser to Darktrace) Peter Spofforth Jason DiLullo +44 (0)20 3700 8820 Berenberg (Corporate Broker and Connected Adviser to Darktrace) Ben Wright Mark Whitmore Miles Cox Milo Bonser +44 (0)20 3207 7800 Headland (PR Adviser to Darktrace) Nigel Prideaux Henry Wallers +44 (0)20 3805 4852 +44 (0)20 3805 4839 Thoma Bravo Megan Frank, Head of Communications and Marketing via FGS Global Goldman Sachs (Financial Adviser to Thoma Bravo and Bidco) +44 (0)20 7774 1000 Mark Sorrell Nicholas van den Arend Chris Emmerson Cara Pazdon FGS Global (PR Adviser to Thoma Bravo and Bidco) Faeth Birch Sophie Scott Alastair Elwen Amanda Healy +44 (0)207 251 3801 Latham & Watkins ( London ) LLP is acting as legal adviser to Darktrace. Kirkland & Ellis International LLP is acting as legal adviser to Bidco and Thoma Bravo. Important notices relating to financial advisers Goldman Sachs International, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA in the United Kingdom , and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (together, " Goldman Sachs ") are acting exclusively for Bidco and Thoma Bravo as financial advisers and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and other matters set out in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bidco and Thoma Bravo for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs, nor for providing advice in connection with the Acquisition, the content of this announcement or any matter referred to herein. Neither Goldman Sachs nor any of Goldman Sachs' subsidiaries, affiliates or branches owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct, indirect, consequential, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Goldman Sachs in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. Jefferies International Limited (" Jefferies "), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom , is acting exclusively as financial adviser to Darktrace and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Darktrace for providing the protections afforded to clients of Jefferies nor for providing advice in relation to the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Jefferies nor any of its affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Jefferies in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. Qatalyst Partners Limited (" Qatalyst Partners "), which is authorised in the UK by the FCA, is acting exclusively as financial adviser to Darktrace and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be acting for any other person and will not be responsible to any person other than Darktrace for providing the protections afforded to clients of Qatalyst Partners or for advising any other person in respect of the matters referred to in this announcement. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Qatalyst Partners as to the contents of this announcement. Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, London Branch (" Berenberg "), which is authorised by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised and subject to limited regulation by the FCA in the United Kingdom , is acting exclusively as a corporate broker and a connected adviser to Darktrace and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Darktrace for providing the protections afforded to clients of Berenberg nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither Berenberg nor any of its affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility to any person who is not a client of Berenberg in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. Further information This announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to, and does not, constitute, or form part of, an offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities of Darktrace in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. The Acquisition will be implemented solely pursuant to the terms of the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of an Offer, the offer document), which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Acquisition. Any vote in respect of the Scheme or other response in relation to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of an Offer, the offer document). This announcement contains inside information in relation to Darktrace for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Darktrace is James Sporle, General Counsel and Company Secretary. Darktrace's Legal Entity Identifier is 213800PC5S5P9CSNFC89. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus, prospectus equivalent document or exempted document. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or independent financial adviser duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) if you are resident in the United Kingdom or, if not, from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. Overseas Shareholders The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in or into jurisdictions other than the UK may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the law of any jurisdiction other than the UK should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Any failure to comply with such requirements may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. This announcement has been prepared in accordance with and for the purpose of complying with English law, the Takeover Code, the Listing Rules, the Market Abuse Regulation and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside England . The availability of the Acquisition to Darktrace Shareholders who are not resident in and citizens of the UK may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in the UK should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions. Any person (including, without limitation, nominees, trustees and custodians) who would, or otherwise intends to, forward this announcement, the Scheme Document or any accompanying document to any jurisdiction outside the UK should refrain from doing so and seek appropriate professional advice before taking any action. In particular, the ability of persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Darktrace Shares with respect to the Scheme at the Court Meeting, or to appoint another person as proxy to vote at the Court Meeting on their behalf, may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. Further details in relation to Overseas Shareholders will be contained in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of an Offer, the offer document). Unless otherwise determined by Bidco or required by the Takeover Code, and permitted by applicable law and regulation, the Acquisition will not be made available, directly or indirectly, in, into, from, or by the use of mails or any means or instrumentality (including, but not limited to, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic transmission, telex or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or of any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of, any Restricted Jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws in that jurisdiction and no person may vote in favour of the Scheme by any such use, means, instrumentality or from within a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of that jurisdiction. Copies of this announcement and any formal documentation relating to the Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including, without limitation, agents, custodians, nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. Doing so may render invalid any related purported vote in respect of the Acquisition. If the Acquisition is implemented by way of an Offer (unless otherwise permitted by applicable law and regulation), the Offer may not be made directly or indirectly, in, into, from, or by the use of mails or any means or instrumentality (including, but not limited to, facsimile, e-mail or other electronic transmission, telex or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or of any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of, any Restricted Jurisdiction and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use, means, instrumentality or facilities. Further details in relation to Overseas Shareholders will be included in the Scheme Document (or, if the Acquisition is implemented by way of an Offer, the offer document). Notice to U.S. Darktrace Shareholders The Acquisition relates to the shares of an English company and is being made by means of a scheme of arrangement provided for under English law. A transaction effected by means of a scheme of arrangement is not subject to the tender offer or proxy solicitation rules under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the " U.S. Exchange Act "). Accordingly, the Acquisition is subject to the disclosure requirements and practices applicable in the UK to schemes of arrangement which differ from the disclosure requirements of the U.S. tender offer and proxy solicitation rules. The financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United Kingdom and thus may not

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]