DEFM14A 1 ny20004637x3_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ ​ ​ Filed by a party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ ​ ​ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ ​ ​ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ ​ ​ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 ZENDESK, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ ​ ​ No fee required. ☒ ​ ​ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ ​ ​ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) of Schedule 14A (17 CFR 240.14a-101) per Item 1 of this Schedule and Exchange Act Rules 14c-5(g) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Zendesk, Inc. 989 Market Street San Francisco, CA 94103 (415) 418-7506 August 8, 2022 Dear Zendesk Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, which we refer to as the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of Zendesk, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Zendesk,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) to be held virtually via live webcast on September 19, 2022, beginning at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time (unless the Special Meeting is adjourned or postponed). Zendesk stockholders will be able to virtually attend and vote at the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ZEN2022SM, which we refer to as the “Special Meeting website.” For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “present” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on (a) a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 24, 2022 (as it may be amended from time to time, which we refer to as the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Zendesk, Zoro BidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Parent”), and Zoro Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”) (such proposal, which we refer to as the “Merger Agreement Proposal”), (b) a proposal to approve, on an advisory (nonbinding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Zendesk’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise related to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (which we refer to as the “Compensation Proposal”) and (c) a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (which we refer to as the “Adjournment Proposal”). Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of funds advised by Hellman & Friedman LLC and Permira Advisers LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Zendesk (which we refer to as the “Merger”), with Zendesk continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Zendesk (which we refer to as “Zendesk common stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (which we refer to as the “Effective Time”) will at the Effective Time automatically be converted into the right to receive $77.50 in cash, without interest (which we refer to as the “Merger Consideration”), subject to any required tax withholding. If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of Zendesk common stock that you own (other than shares of Zendesk common stock underlying or comprising unexercised, unvested or unsettled or not in-the-money Zendesk stock options ( i.e. , with per share exercise prices that are equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration) and restricted stock unit awards) immediately prior to the Effective Time (unless you have properly and validly exercised and do not withdraw your appraisal rights under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware). The Board of Directors of Zendesk, after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, has unanimously: (a) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Zendesk and its stockholders; (b) approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement; (c) resolved to recommend that Zendesk stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement; and (d) directed that the adoption of the Merger Agreement be submitted for consideration by Zendesk stockholders at the Special Meeting. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the Merger Agreement Proposal; (2) “FOR” the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal. TABLE OF CONTENTS The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. You should carefully read and consider the entire enclosed proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Special Meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (in accordance with the instructions detailed in the section of this proxy statement entitled “The Special Meeting—Voting at the Special Meeting”). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote thereat, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the Merger Agreement Proposal, without your instructions. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the Merger Agreement Proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Zendesk common stock entitled to vote thereon at the Special Meeting. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor New York, NY 10018 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 322-2885 Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. ​ ​ Sincerely, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mikkel Svane ​ ​ Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Zendesk, Inc. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying proxy statement is dated August 8, 2022, and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed to Zendesk stockholders on or about August 8, 2022. TABLE OF CONTENTS Zendesk, Inc. 989 Market Street San Francisco, CA 94103 (415) 418-7506 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 19, 2022 Notice is hereby given that a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, which we refer to as the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of Zendesk, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Zendesk,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”), will be held virtually via live webcast on September 19, 2022, beginning at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time (unless the Special Meeting is adjourned or postponed). Zendesk stockholders will be able to virtually attend and vote at the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ZEN2022SM, which we refer to as the “Special Meeting website.” For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in the enclosed proxy statement to “present” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Special Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 24, 2022 (as it may be amended from time to time, which we refer to as the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Zendesk, Zoro BidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as “Parent”), Zoro Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Zendesk (which we refer to as the “Merger”), with Zendesk continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (which we refer to as the “Merger Agreement Proposal”); 2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, on an advisory (nonbinding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to Zendesk’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (which we refer to as the “Compensation Proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (which we refer to as the “Adjournment Proposal”). Only Zendesk stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 4, 2022, are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the Merger Agreement Proposal; (2) “FOR” the Compensation Proposal; and (3) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal. TABLE OF CONTENTS Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Special Meeting, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (in accordance with the instructions detailed in the section of this proxy statement entitled “The Special Meeting—Voting at the Special Meeting”). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote thereat, your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the Merger Agreement Proposal, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the Merger Agreement Proposal, “FOR” the Compensation Proposal and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal. ​ ​ By Order of the Board of Directors, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mikkel Svane ​ ​ Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Zendesk, Inc. ​ ​ ​ ​ San Francisco, California ​ ​ ​ ​ Dated: August 8, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) OVER THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote before the Special Meeting in the manner described in the enclosed proxy statement. If you fail to (1) return your proxy card, (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or (3) vote at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the Merger Agreement Proposal but, assuming a quorum is present, will have no effect on the Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. You should carefully read and consider the entire accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Zendesk common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor: MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor New York, NY 10018 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 322-2885 Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY ​ ​ 1 Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 1 The Merger ​ ​ 2 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 2 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 3 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 4 Litigation Related to the Merger ​ ​ 4 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 5 Closing Conditions ​ ​ 5 Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 6 Required Stockholder Approval ​ ​ 7 The Special Meeting ​ ​ 8 Recommendation of the Zendesk Board of Directors ​ ​ 8 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP ​ ​ 9 Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ​ ​ 9 Interests of Zendesk’s Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger ​ ​ 9 Restrictions on Solicitation of Alternative Proposals ​ ​ 10 Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ 11 Effect on Zendesk If the Merger Is Not Completed ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ​ ​ 12 ​ ​ FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 19 ​ ​ THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 21 Date, Time and Place ​ ​ 21 Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ 21 Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum ​ ​ 21 Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes ​ ​ 21 Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons ​ ​ 22 Voting at the Special Meeting ​ ​ 22 Revocability of Proxies ​ ​ 23 Board of Directors’ Recommendation ​ ​ 23 Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ 23 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger ​ ​ 24 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 24 Delisting and Deregistration of Zendesk Common Stock ​ ​ 24 Other Matters ​ ​ 25 Householding of Special Meeting Materials ​ ​ 25 Questions and Additional Information ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 26 Parties Involved in the Merger ​ ​ 26 Effect of the Merger ​ ​ 27 Effect on Zendesk If the Merger Is Not Completed ​ ​ 27 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 27 Background of the Merger ​ ​ 28 Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger ​ ​ 40 Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP ​ ​ 46 Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ​ ​ 52 Capped Call Transactions ​ ​ 61 Certain Financial Projections ​ ​ 62 Interests of Zendesk’s Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger ​ ​ 65 Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 70 i TABLE OF CONTENTS Closing and Effective Time ​ ​ 72 Accounting Treatment ​ ​ 72 Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 72 Litigation Related to the Merger ​ ​ 77 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ​ ​ 78 Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 83 Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws ​ ​ 83 Closing and Effective Time ​ ​ 84 Merger Consideration ​ ​ 84 Exchange and Payment Procedures ​ ​ 84 Withholding ​ ​ 85 Representations and Warranties ​ ​ 85 Conduct of Business Pending the Merger ​ ​ 89 Restrictions on Solicitation of Alternative Proposals ​ ​ 90 The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Change of Recommendation ​ ​ 92 Employee Benefits ​ ​ 93 Debt Financing and Preferred Equity Financing ​ ​ 94 Cooperation as to Debt Financing and Preferred Equity Financing ​ ​ 95 Cooperation as to Certain Indebtedness ​ ​ 96 Indemnification and Insurance ​ ​ 98 Other Covenants ​ ​ 99 Conditions to the Closing of the Merger ​ ​ 101 Termination of the Merger Agreement ​ ​ 103 Termination Fees ​ ​ 104 Specific Enforcement ​ ​ 105 Limitations of Liability ​ ​ 106 Expenses ​ ​ 106 Amendments and Waivers ​ ​ 106 Governing Law ​ ​ 106 ​ ​ PROPOSAL 2: THE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL ​ ​ 107 ​ ​ PROPOSAL 3: THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL ​ ​ 108 ​ ​ SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ​ ​ 109 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance ​ ​ 110 ​ ​ FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ 111 ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ 112 ​ ​ MISCELLANEOUS ​ ​ 113 ​ ​ ANNEX A — AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ​ ​ A-1 ANNEX B — OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP ​ ​ B- 1 ANNEX C — OPINION OF GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC ​ ​ C- 1 ANNEX D — SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE ​ ​ D-1 ii TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the Merger and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including the Merger Agreement (as defined below), along with all of the documents to which we refer in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions in the section of this proxy statement entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should carefully read and consider the entire Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger. Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “Zendesk,” “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” and similar words refer to Zendesk, Inc. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Zoro BidCo, Inc. as “Parent,” Zoro Merger Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub” and Zendesk, Parent and Merger Sub each as a “party” and together as the “parties.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 24, 2022 (as it may be amended from time to time), by and among Zendesk, Parent and Merger Sub as the “Merger Agreement”; our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as “Zendesk common stock”; and the holders of shares of Zendesk common stock as “Zendesk stockholders.” Unless indicated otherwise, any other capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement. Parties Involved in the Merger Zendesk, Inc. Founded in 2007, Zendesk is a service-first customer relationship management company, built to give organizations of all sizes, in every industry, the ability to deliver a transparent, responsive and empowering customer experience. With solutions designed to address an increasingly broad set of customer interactions, Zendesk allows organizations to deliver omnichannel customer service and customize and build apps across the customer journey. Zendesk has evolved its offerings over time to product and platform solutions that work together to help organizations understand the broader customer journey, improve communications across all channels and engage where and when it’s needed most. Zendesk’s principal executive offices are located at 989 Market Street, San Francisco, California 94103, and its telephone number is (415) 418-7506. Zendesk common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (which we refer to as the “NYSE”) under the symbol “ZEN.” Zoro BidCo, Inc. Parent was incorporated on June 13, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Zoro Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was incorporated on June 13, 2022, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Hellman & Friedman LLC (which we refer to as “H&F”) and Permira Advisers LLC (which we refer to as “Permira” and collectively, as the “Sponsors”). H&F is a leading private equity investment firm focused on investing in outstanding business franchises and serving as a value-added partner to management in select industries including software, financial services, business & information services, healthcare, internet & media, retail & consumer and industrials & energy. Permira is a leading private equity firm focused on tech and tech-enabled investing, with a particular focus on digital consumer and enterprise cloud end markets. At the Effective Time (as defined in the section of this proxy statement entitled “—The Merger”), the Surviving Corporation (as defined in the section of this proxy statement entitled “—The Merger”) will be indirectly owned by the Sponsors and certain of their co-investors and affiliates. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (a) funds advised by the Sponsors and certain limited partner co-investors of funds advised by the Sponsors, including, among others, Platinum Falcon B 2018 RSC Limited, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (which we refer to, collectively, as the “Equity Financing Sources”) have committed to capitalize Parent at the closing (which we refer to as the “Closing”) of the Merger (as defined in the section of this proxy statement entitled “—The Merger”) with an aggregate equity contribution equal to approximately $6.32 billion, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the equity commitment letters entered into by the Equity Financing Sources (which we refer to as the “Equity Commitment Letters”), (b) certain debt financing sources (which we refer to as the “Debt Commitment Parties”) have committed to provide Parent with debt financing consisting of a $3.75 billion senior secured term loan facility, a senior secured delayed draw term loan facility and a $350 million senior secured revolving credit facility, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the debt commitment letter entered into by the Debt Commitment Parties (which we refer to as the “Debt Commitment Letter”) and (c) Parent has obtained commitments for preferred equity financing in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million from certain institutional investors (which we refer to as the “Preferred Equity Financing Sources”) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the preferred equity commitment letter entered into by the Preferred Equity Financing Sources (which we refer to as the “Preferred Equity Commitment Letter” and together with the Equity Commitment Letters and the Debt Commitment Letter, the “Commitment Letters”). Such amounts will be used to fund the aggregate purchase price required to be paid at the Closing and to also fund certain other payments (including the Required Amounts (as defined in the section of this proxy statement entitled “—Financing of the Merger”)), subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. In addition, the Equity Financing Sources, Parent and Zendesk have entered into certain Fee Funding Agreements, dated as of June 24, 2022 (which we refer to as the “Fee Funding Agreements”), pursuant to which the Equity Financing Sources have, subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, agreed to pay certain obligations of Parent or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, subject to an aggregate cap equal to $637 million, including the Parent Termination Fee (as defined in the section of this proxy statement entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees”) and certain fees and expenses payable by Parent or Merger Sub as specified in the Merger Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Financing of the Merger.” The Merger On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (which we refer to as the “DGCL”), Merger Sub will merge with and into Zendesk (which we refer to as the “Merger”), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Zendesk will continue its corporate existence under the DGCL as the surviving corporation in the Merger (which we refer to as the “Surviving Corporation”). As a result of the Merger, Zendesk common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from the NYSE. In addition, Zendesk common stock will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the “Exchange Act”), and Zendesk will no longer file periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (which we refer to as the “SEC”). If the Merger is completed, you will not own any shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. The Merger will become effective at such time as the certificate of merger with respect to the Merger has been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later date or time as may be agreed by Zendesk and Merger Sub in writing and specified in the certificate of merger in accordance with the DGCL (which we refer to as the “Effective Time”). Merger Consideration Zendesk Common Stock At the

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]