DEFM14A 1 ny20008527x2_defm14a.htm DEFM14A TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ ​ ​ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ ​ ​ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ ​ ​ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ ​ ​ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 CVENT HOLDING CORP. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply) ​ ​ ☐ ​ ​ No fee required ☒ ​ ​ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials ☐ ​ ​ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of Cvent Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Cvent” or the “Company”), which will be held virtually on Thursday, June 1, 2023 at 9 a.m., Eastern time (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”). Stockholders will be able to attend the Special Meeting and examine the list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting during the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVT2023SM and using the 16-digit control number included in your proxy materials. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in the accompanying proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 14, 2023 (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among the Company, Capstone Borrower, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Capstone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), which provides for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”) in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) on the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (“Blackstone”). If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $8.50 in cash, without interest (the “Merger Consideration”), for each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (referred to as the “Company common stock” or “Cvent common stock”) that you own as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), unless you seek and perfect your statutory appraisal rights under Delaware law. A special committee (the “Special Committee”) of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board,” the “Cvent Board” or the “Company Board”), comprised solely of disinterested and independent members of the Company Board, unanimously (a) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement providing for the Merger, in accordance with the DGCL, and the other transaction documents contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Transaction Documents”), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; (b) approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company, the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations thereunder and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; and (c) resolved to recommend that the Company Board approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Company Board, acting on the recommendation of the Special Committee, unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into the Merger Agreement providing for the Merger, in accordance with the DGCL, and the other Transaction Documents, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; (ii) approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company, the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations thereunder and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; (iii) resolved to recommend that the Company’s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement in accordance with the DGCL; and (iv) directed that the adoption of the Merger Agreement be submitted for consideration by the Company’s stockholders at the Special Meeting. Accordingly, the Cvent Board recommends a vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and “FOR” each of the other proposals to be voted on at the Special Meeting. The proxy statement accompanying this letter provides you with more specific information concerning the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read this proxy statement, the accompanying annexes and any documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement carefully and in their entirety. TABLE OF CONTENTS Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares of Cvent common stock you own . The Merger cannot be completed unless the Merger Agreement is adopted by stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Cvent common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, to ensure your representation at the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote or submit a proxy via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVT2023SM or by submitting a proxy via telephone at 1-800-690-6903 by following the instructions on the physical proxy card you received in the mail and which are also provided on that website; or, by signing, voting and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope . If you attend the Special Meeting, you may vote electronically at the meeting even if you have previously returned your proxy card or have submitted a proxy via the Internet or by telephone and your electronic vote at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Cvent common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact Cvent’s Investor Relations team: Cvent Holding Corp. Attn: Investor Relations 1765 Greensboro Station Place, 7 th Floor Tysons, Virginia 22102 Telephone: (703) 226-3500 Email: CventIR@icrinc.com On behalf of the Cvent Board, I thank you for your ongoing support and appreciate your consideration of these matters. ​ ​ Very truly yours, ​ ​ ​ ​ Rajeev K. Aggarwal ​ ​ Chief Executive Officer The accompanying proxy statement is dated May 3, 2023 and the form of proxy is first being mailed to holders of Cvent common stock on or about May 3, 2023. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved the Merger, passed upon the merits or fairness of the Merger, the Merger Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document and any documents incorporated by reference. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. TABLE OF CONTENTS 1765 Greensboro Station Place, 7 th Floor Tysons, Virginia 22102 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held at 9 a.m., Eastern Time, on Thursday, June 1, 2023 To the stockholders of Cvent Holding Corp.: Notice is hereby given that a special meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of Cvent Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company” or “Cvent”), will be held virtually on Thursday, June 1, 2023, at 9 a.m., Eastern time, for the following purposes: 1. To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 14, 2023 (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Cvent, Capstone Borrower, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Capstone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Cvent, with Cvent continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”) (the “Merger Proposal”); 2. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation that will or may be paid or may become payable to Cvent’s named executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “Compensation Proposal”); and 3. To consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “Adjournment Proposal”). Only holders of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company (the “Company common stock” or “Cvent common stock”), as of the close of business on May 1, 2023, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting. Cvent continues to use the virtual meeting format to facilitate stockholder attendance and participation by leveraging technology to communicate more effectively and efficiently with stockholders. This format empowers stockholders to participate fully from any location around the world, at no cost. All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Special Meeting. Similar to annual stockholder meetings, Cvent is pleased to conduct the Special Meeting solely online via the Internet through a live webcast and online stockholder tools. Stockholders will be able to attend the Special Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVT2023SM and by using the 16-digit control number included in their proxy materials. You will not be able to attend the Special Meeting physically in person. For purposes of attendance at the Special Meeting, all references in this proxy statement to “present in person” or “in person” shall mean virtually present at the Special Meeting. The Board of Directors of Cvent recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the advisory, non-binding Compensation Proposal and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. Under Delaware law, Cvent stockholders (and beneficial owners of shares of Cvent common stock held either in voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such persons) who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of Cvent common stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the Merger is completed, but only if such stockholder (or beneficial owner) submits a written demand for appraisal prior to the vote on the Merger Agreement and complies with the other Delaware law procedures for exercising statutory appraisal rights, which are summarized in the section of the accompanying proxy statement titled “ Appraisal Rights .” A copy of Section 262, which details the applicable Delaware appraisal statute, may be accessed without subscription or cost at the following publicly available website: https://delcode.delaware.gov/title8/c001/sc09/index.html#262. TABLE OF CONTENTS Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, to ensure your representation at the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote or submit a proxy via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVT2023SM or submit a proxy by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 by following the instructions on the physical proxy card you received in the mail and which are also provided on that website; or by signing, voting and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope. If you attend the Special Meeting, you may vote electronically at the meeting even if you have previously returned your proxy card or have submitted a proxy via the Internet or by telephone and your electronic vote at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Cvent common stock held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the non-binding, advisory Compensation Proposal and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. ​ ​ By order of the Board of Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ Jeannette Koonce ​ ​ General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Tysons, Virginia May 3, 2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting virtually, please submit your proxy as soon as possible, whether over the Internet, by telephone or by completing, signing and returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the prepaid reply envelope. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting. If you hold your shares of Cvent common stock in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions. If you are a Cvent stockholder of record, voting electronically at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you fail to (a) return your proxy card, (b) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or (c) vote by virtual ballot in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will have no effect on the other proposals. You should carefully read and consider the entire proxy statement and the accompanying annexes, including the Merger Agreement attached as Annex A , along with all of the documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Please contact Cvent’s Investor Relations team if you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement; would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement; or need help submitting a proxy to have your shares of Cvent common stock voted: Cvent Holding Corp. Attn: Investor Relations 1765 Greensboro Station Place, 7 th Floor Tysons, Virginia 22102 Telephone: (703) 226-3500 Email: CventIR@icrinc.com TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ The Parties (page 21) ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ The Merger (page 32) ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ The Special Meeting (page 23) ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ Voting Agreements (page 106) ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Cvent Board (page 49) ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ Opinion of Qatalyst Partners (page 56 and Annex B ) ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ Opinion of J.P. Morgan (page 62 and Annex C ) ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ Certain Effects of the Merger (page 70) ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Completed (page 71) ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Treatment of Cvent Equity Awards (page 74) ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 73) ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Cvent Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers (page 107) ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Financing of the Merger (page 72) ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ Conditions of the Merger (page 101) ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (page 79) ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ No-Shop; Cvent Board Recommendation Change (page 89) ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ Termination (page 102) ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ Termination Fees (page 104) ​ ​ 10 ​ ​ Appraisal Rights (page 109) ​ ​ 10 ​ ​ Accounting Treatment (page 77) ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations (page 77) ​ ​ 11 ​ ​ Additional Information (page 116) ​ ​ 11 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER ​ ​ 12 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ 19 THE PARTIES ​ ​ 21 THE SPECIAL MEETING ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Date, Time and Place ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Purpose of the Special Meeting ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Cvent Board ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Record Date and Stockholders Entitled to Vote ​ ​ 23 ​ ​ Quorum ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ Vote Required ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ Voting Procedures ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ Revocation of Proxies ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Voting at the Special Meeting ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Solicitation of Proxies ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ Adjournments ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ Voting by Company Directors and Executive Officers ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ Voting Agreements ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ Assistance ​ ​ 28 PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 29 PROPOSAL 2: APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION ADVISORY PROPOSAL ​ ​ 30 PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL ​ ​ 31 THE MERGER ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ General Description of the Merger ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ Background of the Merger ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Cvent Board ​ ​ 49 ​ ​ Opinion of Qatalyst Partners ​ ​ 56 i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Opinion of J.P. Morgan ​ ​ 62 ​ ​ Certain Financial Projections ​ ​ 68 ​ ​ Certain Effects of the Merger ​ ​ 70 ​ ​ Effects on the Company if the Merger Is Not Completed ​ ​ 71 ​ ​ Financing of the Merger ​ ​ 72 ​ ​ Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger ​ ​ 73 ​ ​ Accounting Treatment ​ ​ 77 ​ ​ Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations ​ ​ 77 ​ ​ Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger ​ ​ 79 ​ ​ Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger ​ ​ 80 ​ ​ Delisting and Deregistration of Cvent Common Stock ​ ​ 80 THE MERGER AGREEMENT ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ The Merger ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ Closing and Effective Time of the Merger ​ ​ 81 ​ ​ Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers ​ ​ 82 ​ ​ Consideration to be Received in the Merger ​ ​ 82 ​ ​ Treatment of Cvent Equity Awards and the ESPP in the Merger ​ ​ 82 ​ ​ Procedure for Receiving Merger Consideration ​ ​ 83 ​ ​ Representations and Warranties ​ ​ 84 ​ ​ Covenants Regarding Conduct of Business by the Company Until the Effective Time ​ ​ 87 ​ ​ No-Shop; Cvent Board Recommendation Change ​ ​ 89 ​ ​ Reasonable Best Efforts; Antitrust Filings ​ ​ 93 ​ ​ Proxy Statement; Cvent Stockholders Meeting ​ ​ 95 ​ ​ Financing Efforts ​ ​ 96 ​ ​ Indemnification of Directors and Officers and Insurance ​ ​ 99 ​ ​ Employee Benefits Matters ​ ​ 100 ​ ​ Other Agreements ​ ​ 101 ​ ​ Conditions of the Merger ​ ​ 101 ​ ​ Termination ​ ​ 102 ​ ​ Effect of Termination ​ ​ 103 ​ ​ Termination Fees and Expenses ​ ​ 104 ​ ​ Specific Performance ​ ​ 104 ​ ​ Amendments and Waivers ​ ​ 105 ​ ​ Governing Law ​ ​ 105 VOTING AGREEMENTS ​ ​ 106 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ​ ​ 107 APPRAISAL RIGHTS ​ ​ 109 ​ ​ General ​ ​ 109 ​ ​ How to Exercise and Perfect Your Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 110 ​ ​ Who May Exercise Appraisal Rights ​ ​ 111 ​ ​ Surviving Corporation’s Actions After Completion of the Merger ​ ​ 111 HOUSEHOLDING ​ ​ 114 FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS ​ ​ 115 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ​ ​ 116 ​ ​ ​ ​ Annex A Merger Agreement ​ ​ A-1 Annex B Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP ​ ​ B- 1 Annex C Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ​ ​ C-1 ii TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement and may not contain all of the information about the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that are important to you. You should carefully read this proxy statement in its entirety, including the annexes hereto and the other documents to which we have referred you, for a more complete understanding of the matters being considered at the Special Meeting. You may obtain, without charge, copies of any of the documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) by following the instructions under the section of this proxy statement titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” In this proxy statement: (1) the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” and “Cvent” refer to Cvent Holding Corp.; (2) the term “Parent” refers to Capstone Borrower, Inc.; (3) the term “Merger Sub” refers to Capstone Merger Sub, Inc.; (4) the term “Blackstone” refers to Blackstone Inc.; (5) the term “Guarantors” refers to, collectively, Blackstone Capital Partners VIII (Lux) SCSp, Blackstone Capital Partners VIII (Ontario) L.P., Blackstone Capital Partners VIII L.P., Blackstone Family Investment Partnership VIII - ESC L.P., Blackstone Family Investment Partnership VIII - SMD L.P., BTAS NQ Holdings L.L.C. and Platinum Falcon B 2018 RSC Limited; (6) the term “Vista Stockholders” refers to, collectively, Vista Equity Partners Fund VI, L.P., Vista Equity Partners Fund VI-A, L.P., VEPF VI FAF, L.P., VEPF IV AIV VII, L.P., VEPF IV AIV VII-A, L.P., VEPF III AIV VI, L.P., VEPF III AIV VI-A, L.P., VFF I AIV IV, L.P. and VFF I AIV IV-A, L.P.; (7) the term “Merger Agreement” refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 14, 2023, by and among the Company, Parent and Merger Sub, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; (8) the term “Merger” refers to the merger of Merger Sub with and into Cvent, with Cvent continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent as described in the Merger Agreement; (9) the term “Cvent common stock” refers to the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company; and (10) the term “Special Meeting” refers to the special meeting of Cvent stockholders described in this proxy statement, including any adjournments or postponements thereof. The Parties (page 21 ) Cvent Holding Corp. Cvent is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 2021. On December 8, 2021, we consummated a business combination pursuant to which, among other things, promptly following the de-registration of the Company (f/k/a Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. II) as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and the continuation and domestication of the Company as a corporation in the State of Delaware with the name “Cvent Holding Corp.”, we became a Nasdaq-listed company. Cvent is a leading cloud-based platform of event marketing and management and hospitality solutions. We power the marketing and management of meetings and events through our Event Cloud and Hospitality Cloud solutions. Our Event Cloud consists of tools to enable event organizers to manage the entire event lifecycle and deliver engaging experiences across every type of event and all event formats: in-person, virtual and hybrid. Event Cloud serves as the system of record for event and engagement data collected across an organization’s total event program, which comprises every internal and external event an organization hosts or attends. Our Hospitality Cloud offers a marketplace that connects event organizers looking for the appropriate event space for their in-person and hybrid events with hoteliers and venue operators through a vertical search engine built on our proprietary database of detailed event space information. In addition, our Hospitality Cloud provides marketing and software solutions that hotels and venues leverage to digitally showcase their event space to attract valuable leads and grow their businesses. This combination of our Event Cloud and Hospitality Cloud solutions results in a cohesive platform. Shares of Cvent common stock are listed on Nasdaq Global Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “CVT.” Our principal executive office is located at 1765 Greensboro Station Place, 7 th Floor, Tysons, Virginia 22102, our telephone number is (703) 226-3500, and our Internet address is http://www.cvent.com. Information on Cvent’s website is not incorporated by reference into or otherwise part of this proxy statement. Additional information about Cvent is contained in our public filings. See the section of this proxy statement titled “ Where You Can Find Additional Information. ” Capstone Borrower, Inc. Parent was formed on March 9, 2023 by investment funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and debt financing in connection with the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, Cvent will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Capstone Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and was formed on March 9, 2023 by Parent solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and has not engaged in any business

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]