DEFM14A 1 d62648ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A DEFM14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 ACACIA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☐ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: ☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents February 8, 2021 Dear Acacia stockholder: We are pleased to invite you to attend a special meeting of the stockholders of Acacia Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as “we,” “us,” “Acacia” or the “Company,” to be held virtually on Monday, March 1, 2021 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time. Due to public health and travel concerns related to coronavirus (COVID-19), the special meeting will be a virtual stockholder meeting, conducted via webcast. You may attend the special meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit questions during the special meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/ACIA. You will need to have your control number, included on your proxy card or voting instruction form, to join and participate in the special meeting, and you will need to register for the special meeting in advance in order to virtually attend the special meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/ACIA. Instructions on how to attend and participate online will be provided to you via email after you register. The deadline for registering to virtually attend the special meeting is 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on February 25, 2021. Approximately one hour prior to the start of the special meeting, you will receive further instructions via email, including your unique links that will allow you access to the meeting and will also permit you to submit questions. We encourage you to access the meeting 15 minutes prior to the start time to allow ample time to check your connection and visual and audio settings. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting prior to or during the meeting time, please call the technical support number provided to you in such emailed instructions for the special meeting. On July 9, 2019, the Company announced that it had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 8, 2019, which we refer to as the original merger agreement, with Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (subsequently reincorporated as a Delaware corporation), which we refer to as Parent, and Amarone Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, which we refer to as Merger Sub. On January 14, 2021, the Company announced that it had entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 14, 2021, which we refer to as the amended and restated merger agreement, with Parent and Merger Sub, which amended and restated the original merger agreement in its entirety and provides for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, which we refer to as the merger, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on the following matters: • a proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement; • a proposal to approve, on a nonbinding advisory basis, the compensation that may be payable to our named executive officers in connection with the merger as reported on the table on page 99 of the accompanying proxy statement, including the associated narrative discussion; and • a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies to approve the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. Stockholders will also act on any other business that may properly come before the special meeting. Table of Contents If the merger is consummated, each share of Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will, other than as provided below, be converted into the right to receive $115.00 in cash, without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax. We refer to this consideration per share of Company common stock to be paid in the merger as the merger consideration. The following shares of Company common stock will not be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration in connection with the merger: (a) shares held by any of our stockholders who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement and who otherwise properly exercise, and do not withdraw or lose, appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which we refer to as the DGCL, (b) shares held in the treasury of the Company and (c) shares owned by Parent or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or subsidiary of Parent. The board of directors of the Company, which we refer to as the board of directors, has unanimously determined that the terms and conditions of the merger and the amended and restated merger agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and recommends that all Company stockholders vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. The board of directors made its determination after consultation with its legal and financial advisors and consideration of a number of factors. The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, “FOR” approval of the nonbinding advisory proposal regarding compensation that may be payable to our named executive officers in connection with the merger and “FOR” approval of the proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. Approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Company common stock that are issued and outstanding as of the record date. In accordance with the DGCL, the amendment and restatement of the original merger agreement necessitates that the amended and restated merger agreement be adopted by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Company common stock that are issued and outstanding as of the record date. As a result, you are now being asked to vote on the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, which amended and restated the original merger agreement in its entirety, despite the fact that you may have voted on the proposal to adopt the original merger agreement in connection with the September 6, 2019 special meeting of the Company’s stockholders. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting online, please complete, date, sign and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope, or submit your proxy by telephone or the Internet. If you properly sign your proxy card but do not mark the boxes showing how your shares should be voted on a matter, the shares represented by your properly signed proxy will be voted “FOR” approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, “FOR” approval of the nonbinding advisory proposal regarding compensation that may be payable to our named executive officers in connection with the merger and “FOR” approval of the proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised at the special meeting by delivering a properly executed proxy card bearing a later date, giving a written notice of revocation of your proxy to the Company’s Secretary before the start of the special meeting, submitting a later-dated proxy electronically via the Internet or telephonically, or by voting online while virtually attending the special meeting. Virtually attending the special meeting will not, in itself, revoke a previously submitted proxy. To revoke a proxy at the special meeting, you must vote online while virtually attending the special meeting. The failure to vote your shares of Company common stock will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. If your shares of Company common stock are held in “street name” by your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee, your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee will be unable to vote your shares of Company common stock without instructions from you. You should instruct your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to vote Table of Contents your shares of Company common stock in accordance with the procedures provided by your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee. The failure to instruct your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to vote your shares of Company common stock “FOR” approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. Under the DGCL, if the merger is completed, holders of Company common stock who do not vote in favor of adoption of the amended and restated merger agreement and satisfy other conditions set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL will have the right to seek an appraisal by the Delaware Court of Chancery of the fair value of their shares. In order to exercise your appraisal rights, you must submit a written demand for an appraisal of your shares prior to the stockholder vote to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, you must not vote in favor of adoption of the amended and restated merger agreement and you must comply with the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL and explained in the accompanying proxy statement. See “ Appraisal Rights ” beginning on page 139 of the accompanying proxy statement and Annex D to the accompanying proxy statement. The accompanying proxy statement provides you with detailed information about the special meeting, the amended and restated merger agreement and the merger. A copy of the amended and restated merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement. We encourage you to carefully read the entire proxy statement and its annexes, including the amended and restated merger agreement. You also may obtain additional information about the Company from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by following the instructions listed in the section of the accompanying proxy statement entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.” If you have any questions or need assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares of Company common stock, please call The Proxy Advisory Group, LLC, the Company’s proxy solicitor, at (212) 616-2181. Thank you in advance for your cooperation and continued support. Sincerely, Murugesan Shanmugaraj President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents The accompanying proxy statement is dated February 8, 2021 and is first being mailed to our stockholders on or about February 8, 2021. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE MERGER, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED MERGER AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE PROPOSED MERGER, OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY ELECTRONICALLY VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONICALLY OR BY COMPLETING, SIGNING, DATING AND PROMPTLY RETURNING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO VIRTUALLY ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING. PLEASE DO NOT SEND IN ANY CERTIFICATES FOR YOUR SHARES OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK AT THIS TIME. IF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED MERGER AGREEMENT IS ADOPTED AND THE MERGER IS COMPLETED, YOU WILL RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND RELATED INSTRUCTIONS TO SURRENDER YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES. Table of Contents ACACIA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. Three Mill and Main Place, Suite 400 Maynard, Massachusetts 01754 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Time and Date 8:00 a.m., Eastern time, on Monday, March 1, 2021. Place Due to public health and travel concerns related to coronavirus (COVID-19), the special meeting will be held virtually, conducted via webcast. You may attend the special meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit questions during the special meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/ACIA. You will need to register in advance by visiting www.proxydocs.com/ACIA in order to virtually attend the special meeting by submitting your control number, included on your proxy card or voting instruction form. Instructions on how to attend and participate online will be provided to you via email after you register. The deadline for registering to virtually attend the special meeting is 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on February 25, 2021. Approximately one hour prior to the start of the special meeting, you will receive further instructions via email, including your unique links that will allow you access to the meeting and will also permit you to submit questions. We encourage you to access the meeting 15 minutes prior to the start time to allow ample time to check your connection and visual and audio settings. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting prior to or during the meeting time, please call the technical support number provided to you in such emailed instructions for the special meeting. Items of Business To consider and vote on: • a proposal to adopt the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 14, 2021, as it may be amended from time to time, which we refer to as the amended and restated merger agreement, by and among Acacia Communications, Inc., which we refer to as the Company, Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (subsequently reincorporated as a Delaware corporation), which we refer to as Parent, and Amarone Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, which we refer to as Merger Sub, which amended and restated in its entirety the Table of Contents Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 8, 2019, which we refer to as the original merger agreement, by and among the Company, Parent and Merger Sub. A copy of the amended and restated merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement; • a proposal to approve, on a nonbinding advisory basis, the compensation that may be payable to our named executive officers in connection with the merger as reported on the table on page 99 of the accompanying proxy statement, including the associated narrative discussion; and • a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. Record Date You may vote if you were a stockholder of record at the close of business on February 5, 2021. Proxy Voting Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares of Company common stock you own. The merger and other transactions contemplated by the amended and restated merger agreement cannot be consummated unless the amended and restated merger agreement is adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Company common stock that are issued and outstanding as of the record date. Even if you plan to virtually attend the special meeting, we request that you complete, sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or submit your proxy by telephone or the Internet prior to the special meeting to ensure that your shares of Company common stock will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to virtually attend. If you do not virtually attend the special meeting and fail to return your proxy card or fail to submit your proxy by phone or the Internet, your shares of Company common stock will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “ AGAINST ” the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. If you are a stockholder of record, voting while virtually attending the special meeting will revoke any proxy previously submitted. If you hold your shares of Company common stock through a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee, you should follow the procedures provided by your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee in order to vote. As a beneficial owner of shares of Company common stock held in “street name,” you have the right to direct your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account. If you hold your shares of Company common stock through a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee, you are invited to virtually attend the special meeting; however, because you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares while virtually attending the special meeting unless you request and obtain a legal proxy from your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee prior to the special meeting. Table of Contents Recommendation The board of directors of the Company, which we refer to as the board of directors, has unanimously determined that the terms and conditions of the merger and the amended and restated merger agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and recommends that all Company stockholders vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement. The board of directors made its determination after consultation with its legal and financial advisors and consideration of a number of factors. The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” approval of the proposal to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, “FOR” approval of the nonbinding advisory proposal regarding compensation that may be payable to our named executive officers in connection with the merger and “FOR” approval of the proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies. Attendance Only stockholders of record or their duly authorized proxies have the right to virtually attend the special meeting. Beneficial owners of shares are invited to virtually attend the special meeting. You will need to register in advance in order to virtually attend the special meeting. The deadline for registering to virtually attend the special meeting is 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on February 25, 2021. Appraisal Rights Under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which we refer to as the DGCL, if the merger is completed, holders of Company common stock who do not vote in favor of adoption of the amended and restated merger agreement and who satisfy other conditions set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL will have the right to seek an appraisal by the Delaware Court of Chancery of the fair value of their shares of Company common stock. In order to exercise your appraisal rights, you must submit a written demand for an appraisal of your shares prior to the stockholder vote to adopt the amended and restated merger agreement, you must not vote in favor of adoption of the amended and restated merger agreement and you must comply with the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL and explained in the accompanying proxy statement. See “ Appraisal Rights ” beginning on page 139 and Annex D of the accompanying proxy statement. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO VIRTUALLY ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN, AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ACCOMPANYING PREPAID REPLY ENVELOPE, OR SUBMIT YOUR PROXY BY TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET. IF YOU VOTE ONLINE WHILE VIRTUALLY ATTENDING THE SPECIAL MEETING, THAT VOTE WILL REVOKE ANY PROXY PREVIOUSLY SUBMITTED. By Order of our Board of Directors, Janene I. Asgeirsson Chief Legal Officer and Secretary February 8, 2021 Maynard, Massachusetts Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER 18 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 29 THE SPECIAL MEETING 31 Time, Place and Purpose of the Special Meeting 31 Record Date and Quorum 31 Attendance 32 Vote Required 32 Our Board’s Recommendation 34 Shares Owned by Our Directors and Executive Officers 34 Proxies and Revocation 34 Adjournments and Recesses 35 Stockholder List 35 Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 35 Appraisal Rights 35 Solicitation of Proxies; Payment of Solicitation Expenses 36 Householding of Special Meeting Materials 36 Questions and Additional Information 36 PARTIES TO THE MERGER 37 THE MERGER 38 Changes to the Original Merger Agreement Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement 38 Overview of the Merger 38 Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation 39 Background of the Merger 39 Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Board of Directors 63 Opinion of the Company’s Financial Advisor 68 Financial Forecasts 74 Closing and Effective Time of the Merger 82 Payment of Merger Consideration and Surrender of Stock Certificates 82 Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger 82 Compensation Payable to our Named Executive Officers 98 Accounting Treatment 101 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 101 Regulatory Approvals 104 Litigation Relating to the Merger 104 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED MERGER AGREEMENT (PROPOSAL ONE) 106 Explanatory Note Regarding the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement 106 The Merger 106 Effective Time of the Merger 107 Merger Consideration 107 Payment Procedures 107 Appraisal Rights 108 Treatment of Company Equity Awards and Employee Stock Purchase Plan 109 Representations and Warranties 110 Definitions of Knowledge and Material Adverse Effect 111 Definition of Parent Material Adverse Effect 113 Covenants Relating to the Conduct of the Company’s Business 113 Table of Contents Restrictions on Solicitation of Other Offers 118 Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation to Company Stockholders 121 Additional Agreements of the Parties to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement 123 Conditions to the Merger 127 Termination 128 Termination Fee 129 Amendment; Extension; Waiver 131 Required Vote; Recommendation of the Board of Directors 131 VOTING AGREEMENTS 132 NONBINDING ADVISORY PROPOSAL REGARDING COMPENSATION PAYABLE TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER (PROPOSAL TWO) 133 AUTHORITY TO ADJOURN THE SPECIAL MEETING (PROPOSAL THREE) 134 MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK 135 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 136 APPRAISAL RIGHTS 139 DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK 144 CONDUCT OF OUR BUSINESS IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED 144 OTHER MATTERS 145 Other Matters for Action at the Special Meeting 145 Future Stockholder Proposals 145 Stockholders Sharing the Same Address 146 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 147 ANNEX A — Agreement and Plan of Merger A-1 ANNEX B — Opinion of Goldman Sachs B-1 ANNEX C — Form of Voting Agreement C-1 ANNEX D — Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware D-1 Table of Contents We are furnishing this proxy statement to our stockholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by the Company’s board of directors, which we refer to as the board of directors, for use at the special meeting of stockholders described herein. This proxy statement and the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form are first being mailed on or about February 8, 2021 to our stockholders who owned shares of Company common stock as of the close of business on February 5, 2021. SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement and may not contain all the information that may be important to you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read carefully this entire proxy statement, its annexes and the documents we refer to in this proxy statement. Each topic in this summary includes a page reference directing you to a more complete description of such topic. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 147. Parties to the Merger (Page 37) In this proxy statement, we refer to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 14, 2021, as it may be amended from time to time, among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company, as the amended and restated merger agreement, and the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company as the merger. The parties to the amended and restated merger agreement and the merger are: • Acacia Communications, Inc. , which we refer to as “we,” “us,” “Acacia” or the “Company,” is a Delaware corporation that develops, manufactures and sells high-speed coherent optical interconnect products that are designed to transform communications networks through improvements in performance, capacity and cost. By implementing optical interconnect technology in a silicon-based platform, a process Acacia refers to as the “siliconization of optical interconnect,” Acacia is able to offer products at higher speeds and density with lower power consumption, that meet the needs of cloud and service providers and can be easily integrated in a cost-effective manner with existing network equipment. Shares of Acacia common stock are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ACIA.” The principal executive offices of Acacia are located at Three Mill and Main Place, Suite 400, Maynard, Massachusetts 01754, and its telephone number is (978) 938-4896. • Cisco Systems, Inc. , which we refer to as “Parent,” is a Delaware corporation that designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the Internet since 1984. Parent is integrating intent-based technologies across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud. These technologies are designed to help Parent’s customers manage more users, devices and things connecting to their networks. This will enable Parent to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. Parent reincorporated from a California corporation into a Delaware corporation on January 25, 2021. The principal executive offices of Parent are located at 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134, and its telephone number is (408) 526-4000. • Amarone Acquisition Corp., which we refer to as “Merger Sub,” is a Delaware corporation that was formed solely for the purpose of entering into the amended and restated merger agreement and related agreements and consummating the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and has not engaged in any business except for activities incidental to its formation and as contemplated by the amended and restated merger agreement. Upon the completion of the merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation of the merger, which we refer to as the surviving corporation. The principal executive offices of Merger Sub are located at 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134, and its telephone number is (408) 526-4000. 1 Table of Contents The Special Meeting (Page 31

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]