S-4/A 1 ny20023075x2_s4a.htm S-4/A TABLE OF CONTENTS As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2024 Registration No. 333-277912 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-4 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SYNOPSYS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware ​ ​ 7372 ​ ​ 56-1546236 (State of Incorporation) ​ ​ (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) ​ ​ (IRS Employer Identification No.) 675 Almanor Ave. Sunnyvale, California 94085 Telephone: (650) 584-5000 (Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) John F. Runkel, Jr. General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Synopsys, Inc. 675 Almanor Ave. Sunnyvale, California 94085 Telephone: (650) 584-5000 (Name, Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area Code, of Agent for Service) With a copy to: Christopher R. Moore, Esq. Paul Shim, Esq. Helena Grannis, Esq. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 650 California Street San Francisco, CA 94108 (415) 796-4400 ​ ​ Janet Lee Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary ANSYS, Inc. 2600 ANSYS Drive, Canonsburg, Pennsylvania 15317 (844) 462-6797 ​ ​ Mike Ringler, Esq. Peter Jones, Esq. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 525 University Avenue Palo Alto, California 94301 (650) 470-4500 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement is declared effective. If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, please check the following box. ☐ If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ​ ​ ☒ ​ ​ Accelerated filer ​ ​ ☐ Non-accelerated filer ​ ​ ☐ ​ ​ Smaller reporting company ​ ​ ☐ ​ ​ ​ ​ Emerging growth company ​ ​ ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ If applicable, place an X in the box to designate the appropriate rule provision relied upon in conducting this transaction: Exchange Act Rule 13e-4(i) (Cross-Border Issuer Tender Offer) ☐ Exchange Act Rule 14d-1(d) (Cross-Border Third-Party Tender Offer) ☐ The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. TABLE OF CONTENTS The information in this proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed. A registration statement relating to the securities described in this proxy statement/prospectus has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These securities may not be issued until the registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This proxy statement/prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY-SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 11, 2024 ​ ​ MERGER PROPOSAL—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT Dear ANSYS, Inc. Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of ANSYS, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is referred to as “Ansys,” to be held on May 22, 2024, virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANSS2024SM, at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Time, which, including any adjournments or postponements thereof, is referred to as the special meeting. The purpose of the special meeting is to consider and vote on proposals relating to the proposed acquisition of Ansys by Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is referred to as Synopsys. By bringing together Synopsys’ pioneering semiconductor electronic design automation with Ansys’ broad simulation and analysis portfolio, the acquisition will create a leader in silicon to systems design solutions to address customers’ need for fusion of electronics and physics, augmented with artificial intelligence. On January 15, 2024, Synopsys, ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, which is referred to as Merger Sub, and Ansys, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which, as it may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the “merger agreement,” pursuant to which Synopsys agreed to acquire Ansys in a cash and stock transaction. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Ansys, which transaction is referred to as the “merger,” with Ansys surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys. Upon successful completion of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of Ansys common stock will be converted into the right to receive (i) $197.00 in cash, which amount is referred to as the “per share cash amount,” and (ii) 0.3450 of a share of Synopsys common stock, which number is referred to as the exchange ratio, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares. Clauses (i) and (ii) are collectively referred to as the “merger consideration.” The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of either Synopsys common stock or Ansys common stock between the dates of signing of the merger agreement and completion of the merger. However, if the aggregate number of shares of Synopsys common stock to be issued in connection with the merger would exceed 19.9999% of the shares of Synopsys common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the successful completion of the merger, which we refer to as the maximum share number, (a) the exchange ratio will be reduced to the minimum extent necessary such that the aggregate number of shares of Synopsys common stock to be issued in connection with the merger does not exceed the maximum share number and (b) the per share cash amount will be correspondingly increased to offset such adjustment, as described in more detail in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Merger Consideration.” Based on the closing price of Synopsys common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is referred to as the NASDAQ, on December 21, 2023, the last trading day before media speculation regarding a potential transaction, of $559.96, the merger consideration represented approximately $390.19 in value for each share of Ansys common stock. Based on the closing price of Synopsys common stock on January 12, 2024, the trading day before the public announcement of a potential merger, of $494.40, the merger consideration represented approximately $367.57 in value for each share of Ansys common stock. Based on the closing price of Synopsys common stock on the NASDAQ on April 9, 2024, the last practicable trading day before the date of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, of $568.99, the merger consideration represented approximately $393.30 in value for each share of Ansys common stock. The value of Synopsys common stock at the time of completion of the merger could be greater than, less than or the same as the value of Synopsys common stock on the date of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. We urge you to obtain current market quotations of Synopsys common stock (trading symbol “SNPS”) and Ansys common stock (trading symbol “ANSS”). Upon completion of the merger, Ansys stockholders are expected to hold approximately 16.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of the combined company immediately following the completion of the merger. At the special meeting, Ansys stockholders will be asked to consider and vote on (1) the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, which proposal is referred to as the merger agreement proposal, (2) the proposal to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, specific compensatory arrangements between Ansys and its named executive officers relating to the merger, which proposal is referred to as the compensation proposal and (3) the proposal to adjourn the special meeting to solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes to approve the merger agreement proposal or to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus is timely provided to Ansys stockholders, which proposal is referred to as the adjournment proposal. The board of directors of Ansys unanimously recommends that Ansys stockholders vote “FOR” each of the proposals to be considered at the special meeting. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting and regardless of the number of shares you own, your careful consideration of, and vote on, the proposal to adopt the merger agreement is important, and you are encouraged to vote promptly. The merger cannot be completed unless the merger agreement is adopted by stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Ansys’ common stock entitled to vote on such matter. The failure to vote will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus provides you with important information about the special meeting, the merger, and each of the proposals. We encourage you to read the entire document carefully, in particular the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 27 for a discussion of risks relevant to the merger. After reading the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, please make sure to vote your shares promptly by completing, signing and dating the accompanying proxy card and returning it in the enclosed prepaid envelope or by voting by telephone or through the Internet by following the instructions on the accompanying proxy card. If you hold shares through an account with a bank, broker, trust or other nominee, please follow the instructions you receive from it to vote your shares. Thank you in advance for your continued support and your consideration of this matter. We look forward to the successful completion of the merger. Sincerely, Sincerely, ​ ​ Sincerely, ​ ​ Ronald W. Hovsepian ​ ​ Ajei S. Gopal Chairman of the Board ​ ​ President and Chief Executive Officer Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the merger or the Synopsys common stock to be issued in the merger or determined if this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The accompanying notice of special meeting of stockholders and proxy statement/prospectus are dated [ ], 2024 and are first being mailed to the stockholders of Ansys on or about [ ], 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS ANSYS, Inc. 2600 Ansys Drive Canonsburg, Pennsylvania 15317 (844) 462-6797 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 22, 2024 To the Stockholders of ANSYS, Inc.: On January 15, 2024, ANSYS, Inc., which is referred to as “Ansys,” Synopsys, Inc., which is referred to as “Synopsys,” and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, which is referred to as “Merger Sub,” entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which, as it may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the “merger agreement,” a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, the full text of which is incorporated herein by reference. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of holders of Ansys common stock, which is referred to as the special meeting, will be held on May 22, 2024, virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANSS2024SM, at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Time. You will be able to attend the special meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANSS2024SM, which is referred to as the special meeting website, and inserting the 16-digit control number included in your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank, broker, trustee, nominee or other holder of record if you hold your shares of Ansys common stock through an account with a bank, broker, trust or other nominee. You will be able to vote your shares electronically over the Internet and submit questions online during the meeting by logging onto the website listed above and using the control number. We are pleased to notify you of and invite you to the special meeting. At the special meeting you will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals: 1. to adopt the merger agreement, which proposal is referred to as the “merger agreement proposal”; 2. to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation that will or may be paid to Ansys’ named executive officers in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which proposal is referred to as the “compensation proposal”; and 3. to approve the adjournment of the special meeting to solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the merger agreement proposal or to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus is timely provided to Ansys stockholders, which proposal is referred to as the “adjournment proposal.” Pursuant to the merger agreement, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions specified therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Ansys, which is referred to as the “merger,” with Ansys surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, which is referred to as the “surviving corporation.” At the effective time of the merger, which is referred to as the “effective time,” the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated to conform to Exhibit B of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to the merger agreement attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. Additionally, the bylaws of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated to conform to the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the effective time, and will conform with the rights and responsibilities of the surviving corporation under the merger agreement. Merger Consideration At the effective time, each share of Ansys common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (subject to certain exceptions, including shares of Ansys common stock owned by stockholders of Ansys who have not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and have properly exercised appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) will be converted into the right to receive (i) $197.00 in cash, which amount is referred to as the “per share cash amount,” and (ii) 0.3450 of a share of Synopsys common stock, which number is referred to as TABLE OF CONTENTS the “exchange ratio,” plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares. Clauses (i) and (ii) are collectively referred to as the “merger consideration.” The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of either Synopsys common stock or Ansys common stock between the dates of signing of the merger agreement and completion of the merger. However, if the aggregate number of shares of Synopsys common stock to be issued in connection with the merger would exceed 19.9999% of the shares of Synopsys common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the successful completion of the merger, which is referred to as the “maximum share number,” (a) the exchange ratio will be reduced to the minimum extent necessary such that the aggregate number of shares of Synopsys common stock to be issued in connection with the merger does not exceed the maximum share number and (b) the per share cash amount will be correspondingly increased to offset such adjustment. A discussion of the adjustment mechanism can be found under the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 90 . If the merger is completed, Ansys common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market (referred to herein as the “NASDAQ”) and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The exchange ratio is expected to result in Ansys stockholders and Synopsys stockholders holding approximately 16.5% and 83.5%, respectively, of the combined company following the effective time. At the effective time, each in-the-money option to purchase shares of Ansys common stock that is held by a person who, as of immediately prior to the effective time is no longer an employee or other service provider of Ansys or its subsidiaries, which is referred to as a “specified option,” will be canceled and extinguished, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive (subject to any applicable withholding or other taxes, or other amounts required by applicable legal requirements to be withheld) an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the total number of shares of Ansys common stock subject to such Ansys option multiplied by (ii) the excess of (a) the equity award cash consideration amount over (b) the per share exercise price for the Ansys common stock subject to such specified option. For purposes of the specified options, the “equity award cash consideration amount” means an amount in cash equal to the sum of the per share cash amount plus the product of (i) the exchange ratio multiplied by (ii) the volume weighted average trading price of Synopsys common stock for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date on which the effective time occurs, which is referred to as the “Synopsys measurement price.” At the effective time, each option to purchase shares of Ansys common stock that is unexpired, unexercised and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and which has a per share exercise price for the Ansys common stock subject to such option that is equal to or greater than the equity award cash consideration amount, which is referred to as an “out-of-the-money option,” held by a person or entity who, as of immediately prior to the effective time, is no longer an employee or other service provider to Ansys and its subsidiaries will be canceled and extinguished for no consideration. At the effective time, each Ansys option (other than (a) a specified option or (b) an out-of-the-money option held by a person who, as of immediately prior to the effective time, is no longer an employee or other service provider to Ansys and its subsidiaries), whether vested or unvested, will be assumed and converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Ansys option, a number of shares of Synopsys common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Ansys common stock subject to such Ansys option, multiplied by (ii) the conversion ratio, at an exercise price per share of Synopsys common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the per share exercise price for the Ansys common stock subject to such Ansys option, by (b) the conversion ratio. The “conversion ratio” means an amount equal to the sum of the exchange ratio plus the quotient (rounded down to four decimal places) obtained by dividing the per share cash amount by the Synopsys measurement price. At the effective time, each outstanding restricted stock unit, which is referred to as an “Ansys RSU,” that (i) is vested but not yet settled as of immediately prior to the effective time, (ii) is outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time and was granted to a non-employee member of the Ansys board of directors, (iii) vests effective as of the effective time in accordance with its terms, or (iv) is outstanding and not forfeited in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the effective time and held by a person who, as of immediately prior to the effective time, is no longer an employee or other service provider to Ansys or its subsidiaries, which is referred to as a “specified RSU,” will be canceled and extinguished, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) (x) the merger consideration, on the same terms and conditions as outstanding shares of Ansys common stock and (y) an amount in cash equal to any accrued but TABLE OF CONTENTS unpaid dividend equivalents with respect to each specified RSU; provided, however, that the number of shares of Ansys common stock subject to those specified RSUs that are Ansys PSUs will be determined based on the attainment of applicable performance metrics at the (x) actual level of performance for performance periods that lapsed in the ordinary course prior to the effective time or (y) for each other such Ansys PSU, greater of the target or actual level of performance, as determined by the Ansys board of directors or a committee thereof immediately prior to the effective time. “Ansys PSUs” refer to Ansys RSUs that vest on the basis of time and the achievement of performance targets and pursuant to which the holder has a right to receive shares of Ansys common stock or cash following the vesting or lapse of restrictions applicable to such performance stock unit; At the effective time, each Ansys RSU that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the effective time that is not a specified RSU will be converted into the number of Synopsys restricted stock units (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Ansys common stock subject to such Ansys RSU (and, for Ansys PSUs, such number of shares of Ansys common stock will be based on the attainment of the applicable performance metrics at the (x) actual level of performance for performance periods that lapsed in the ordinary course prior to the effective time or (y) for each other Ansys PSU, greater of the target or actual level of performance, as determined by the Ansys board of directors or a committee thereof immediately prior to the effective time), including any accrued but unpaid dividend equivalents thereon, multiplied by (ii) the conversion ratio. Any converted RSUs will remain subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the underlying restricted stock unit immediately prior to the effective time provided that any restricted stock unit that is performance-based will only be subject to time-based vesting following the effective time. Governance Pursuant to the merger agreement, at the effective time, two members of the Ansys board of directors selected by mutual written agreement of Synopsys and Ansys will become members of the Synopsys board of directors, subject to each such designated director having completed Synopsys’ director nomination process and having satisfied all applicable eligibility requirements of the Synopsys board of directors’ Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. If the effective time occurs less than six months prior to the next annual meeting of Synopsys’ stockholders, Synopsys will nominate each such designated director for election at such meeting (unless such person is unable or unwilling to serve as a result of illness, death, resignation or other reason). On March 19, 2024, Synopsys and Ansys mutually agreed to designate Dr. Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ansys, to become a member of the Synopsys board of directors at the effective time, subject to completion of Synopsys’ director nomination process and satisfaction of all applicable eligibility requirements established by Synopsys’ Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Ansys and Synopsys have not yet determined or agreed as to the remaining member of the Ansys board of directors to be appointed to the Synopsys board of directors. Conditions to the Completion of the Merger Under the merger agreement, the obligations of each of Synopsys and Ansys to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the completion of the merger, of each of the following conditions: • the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, no stop order suspending its effectiveness being issued by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, which is referred to as the “SEC,” and remaining in effect and there being no proceedings for that purpose having been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC that have not been withdrawn; • the shares of Synopsys common stock to be issued in the merger being approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance) on the NASDAQ; • the merger agreement being duly adopted at the special meeting by the required Ansys stockholder vote (as defined in the proxy statement/prospectus); • expiration or termination of the waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the completion of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any period of time (and any extension thereof) agreed to with a governmental body in the United States not to complete the merger having expired or having been terminated; TABLE OF CONTENTS • the expiration or termination of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the completion of the merger under applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation of the specified jurisdictions (as defined in the proxy statement/prospectus), and the expiration or termination of any period of time (and any extension thereof) agreed to with a governmental body in any specified jurisdiction not to complete the merger; • any governmental authorization or other consent required under applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation or foreign investment law in connection with the merger in each specified jurisdiction being obtained and being in full force and effect; and • no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the merger having been issued by any governmental body in any of the specified jurisdictions and remains in effect, and there having not been any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the merger by any governmental body in any specified jurisdiction that makes completion of the merger illegal. In addition, each party’s obligation to complete the merger is subject to, among other things, the accuracy of certain representations and warranties of the other party and the compliance by the other party with its covenants, in each case, subject to the materiality standards set forth in the merger agreement, and the absence of any material adverse effect (as defined in the proxy statement/prospectus) affecting the other party after the date of the merger agreement that is continuing. While the merger is not conditioned on Synopsys or any other party obtaining debt financing, Synopsys has obtained debt financing commitments pursuant to the debt commitment letter entered into on January 15, 2024, and the term loan credit agreement, entered into on February 13, 2024, for the purpose of financing the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and paying related fees and expenses. The merger is expected to be completed in the

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]