424B5 1 d832675d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)5 Registration No. 333-273615 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To prospectus dated August 2, 2023) CDW LLC and CDW Finance Corporation $600,000,000 5.100% Senior Notes due 2030 $600,000,000 5.550% Senior Notes due 2034 We are offering $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.100% Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”) and $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.550% Notes due 2034 (the “2034 Notes” and, together with the 2030 Notes, the “notes”), which will bear interest at the applicable rate per year for each series as set forth above. The 2030 Notes will mature on March 1, 2030 and the 2034 Notes will mature on August 22, 2034. Interest on the notes will accrue from August 22, 2024, and the first interest payment date will be March 1, 2025 in the case of the 2030 Notes and February 22, 2025 in the case of the 2034 Notes. The notes will be redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their maturity at the respective redemption prices set forth herein. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” We do not intend to list the notes on any securities exchange. Currently, there are no public markets for the notes. We expect to use the net proceeds from the offering of the notes to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer (as defined below) and the payment of related accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees and expenses. In the event that the Concurrent Tender Offer is not consummated, or the net proceeds from this offering exceed the amount needed to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer, we intend to use such net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the redemption of the 2024 Senior Notes (as defined below) and the repayment at maturity of the 2025 Senior Notes (as defined below). Pending the use of any such proceeds we plan to invest the proceeds in short term fixed income securities. The notes will be unsecured senior obligations of CDW LLC and CDW Finance Corporation (“CDW Finance”), will rank equal in right of payment with all of their existing and future senior indebtedness, but will be effectively subordinated to their future secured indebtedness and to our inventory financing agreements, in each case, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and other obligations, and will be senior in right of payment to any of their future subordinated indebtedness. The notes will be guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by CDW Corporation, the direct parent of CDW LLC and CDW Finance, and all of the direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries of CDW LLC that are guarantors under our Senior Loan Facilities. The notes will be structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities and preferred stock of each of the subsidiaries of CDW LLC that do not guarantee the notes. Investing in the notes involves risks. You should refer to “ Risk factors ” beginning on page S-7 of this prospectus supplement and the periodic reports and other information that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and carefully consider that information before deciding to purchase any notes. Per 2030 Note Per 2034 Note Total Public offering price (i) 99.889 % 99.742 % $ 1,197,786,000 Underwriting discounts paid by us 0.600 % 0.650 % $ 7,500,000 Net proceeds, before expenses, to us (i) 99.289 % 99.092 % $ 1,190,286,000 (i) Plus accrued interest, if any, from August 22, 2024. Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. We expect that delivery of the notes will be made to investors in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company on or about August 22, 2024. Joint Bookrunning Managers BofA Securities J.P. Morgan Wells Fargo Securities Morgan Stanley Mizuho US Bancorp Co-Managers Capital One Securities MUFG Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Scotiabank TD Securities Siebert Williams Shank August 12, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT About This Document S-ii Trademarks and Service Marks S-ii Forward-Looking Statements S-iii Prospectus Supplement Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-7 Use of Proceeds S-13 Capitalization S-14 Description of Notes S-16 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations S-44 Underwriting S-49 Legal Matters S-55 Experts S-56 Where You Can Find More Information S-56 Incorporation of Certain Information By Reference S-57 PROSPECTUS About this Prospectus i Where You Can Find More Information ii Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference iii Forward-Looking Statements iv Our Company 1 Risk Factors 2 Guarantor Disclosures 3 Use of Proceeds 4 Description of Capital Stock 5 Description of Depositary Shares 8 Description of Warrants 11 Description of Subscription Rights 13 Description of Debt Securities and Guarantees 15 Description of Share Purchase Contracts and Share Purchase Units 24 Selling Stockholders 25 Plan of Distribution 26 Legal Matters 28 Experts 28 We are responsible for the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and any free-writing prospectus we prepare or authorize. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. You should not assume that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date set forth on the front of the document. We and the underwriters are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. S-i ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT This document consists of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and other matters relating to us and our financial condition. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which gives more general information about securities we may offer from time to time, some of which will not apply to this offering. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC using the SEC’s shelf registration rules. You should read both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with additional information described in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in the sections titled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in the accompanying prospectus and this prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement; provided that if any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date—for example, a document incorporated by reference in the accompanying prospectus or this prospectus supplement—the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. We and the underwriters have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any such free writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered securities to which they relate, nor do this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any such free writing prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any such free writing prospectus subsequent to the date set forth on the front of the document or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by reference, even though this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any such free writing prospectus is delivered or securities are sold on a later date. We reserve the right to withdraw this offering at any time. We and the underwriters also reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any reason, or to sell less than the amount of notes offered hereby. TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus include our trademarks, such as “CDW,” which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are the property of CDW Corporation or its subsidiaries. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus also contain trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. S-ii FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information, which are based on forecasts of future results or events and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, growth, developments and business strategies. We claim the protection of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all forward-looking statements in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “target” and similar terms and phrases or future or conditional verbs such as “could,” “may,” “should,” “will,” and “would.” However, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and other expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that we will achieve those plans, intentions or expectations. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that we expected. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are disclosed under the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein in the context of these risks and uncertainties. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not reflect all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ from our expectations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference herein are made only as of the date hereof or, with respect to any documents incorporated by reference, available at the time such document was prepared or filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. S-iii PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. You should carefully read the entire prospectus supplement and the entire accompanying prospectus, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and the risk factors and consolidated financial statements and notes related to those statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, before deciding to purchase any notes. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” “CDW” and other similar terms refer to the business of CDW Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. OUR COMPANY We are a Fortune 500 company, member of the S&P 500 Index, and a leading multi-brand provider of information technology (“IT”) solutions to small, medium and large business, government, education and healthcare customers in the United States (“US”), the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Canada. Our broad array of offerings ranges from discrete hardware and software products to integrated IT solutions and services that include on-premise and cloud capabilities across hybrid infrastructure, digital experience and security. We are vendor, technology and consumption model unbiased, with a solutions portfolio including more than 100,000 products and services from more than 1,000 leading and emerging brands. Our solutions are delivered in physical, virtual and cloud-based environments through approximately 11,000 customer-facing coworkers, including sellers, highly-skilled technology specialists and advanced service delivery engineers. We are a leading sales channel partner for many original equipment manufacturers, software publishers and cloud providers (collectively, our “vendor partners”), whose products we sell or include in the solutions we offer. We provide our vendor partners with a cost-effective way to reach customers and deliver a consistent brand experience through our established end-market coverage, technical expertise and extensive customer access. We simplify the complexities of technology solutions across design, selection, procurement, integration and management for our customers. Our goal is to have our customers, regardless of their size, view us as a trusted adviser and extension of their IT resources. Our multi-brand offering approach across our vendor partners enables us to provide the solutions and services that best address each customer’s specific requirements to enable their desired business outcomes. We have capabilities to provide integrated IT solutions in more than 150 countries for customers with primary locations in the US, UK and Canada, which are large and growing markets. These are highly fragmented markets served by thousands of IT resellers and solutions providers. We believe that demand for IT will continue to outpace general economic growth in the markets we serve, fueled by new technologies, including hybrid and cloud computing, virtualization, mobility and artificial intelligence, as well as growing end-user demand for security, efficiency and productivity. CDW Corporation is a Delaware corporation. CDW LLC is an Illinois limited liability company and a subsidiary of CDW Corporation. CDW Finance is a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of CDW Corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 200 N. Milwaukee Avenue, Vernon Hills, Illinois 60061, and our telephone number at that address is (847) 465-6000. Our website is located at http://www.cdw.com. The information on that site, or connected to that site, is not incorporated into and is not part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Concurrent Tender Offer Concurrently with the offering of notes being made hereby, we commenced a cash tender offer (the “Concurrent Tender Offer”) to purchase for cash any and all of our 5.500% Notes due 2024 (the “2024 Senior Notes”) and S-1 4.125% Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”). As of the date hereof, there is $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2024 Senior Notes outstanding and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2025 Senior Notes outstanding. The Concurrent Tender Offer will expire on August 16, 2024 at 5:00 p.m., unless extended. The offering to which this prospectus supplement relates is not conditioned upon the completion of the Concurrent Tender Offer. However, the Concurrent Tender Offer is subject to a number of conditions that may be waived or changed. We are permitted, subject to applicable law, to amend, extend, terminate or withdraw the Concurrent Tender Offer, and there can be no assurance that we will consummate the Tender Offer on the terms described herein or at all. The foregoing description of the Concurrent Tender Offer is provided for informational purposes only and this prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities subject to the Concurrent Tender Offer. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer and the payment of related accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees and expenses. In the event that the Concurrent Tender Offer is not consummated, or the net proceeds from this offering exceed the amount needed to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer, we intend to use such net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the redemption of the 2024 Senior Notes and the repayment at maturity of the 2025 Senior Notes. Pending the use of any such proceeds we plan to invest the proceeds in short term fixed income securities. See “Use of Proceeds.” Certain of the underwriters or their affiliates hold the securities that are subject to the Concurrent Tender Offer and may receive proceeds from this offering through the purchase of such securities in connection with the Concurrent Tender Offer. Certain of the underwriters or their affiliates are acting as dealer managers in connection with the Concurrent Tender Offer, for which they will receive customary fees. See “Underwriting.” S-2 THE OFFERING The summary below describes the principal terms of the notes. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The “Description of Notes” section of this prospectus supplement contains more detailed descriptions of the terms and conditions of the notes. Issuers CDW LLC and CDW Finance Corporation (the “Issuers”). Securities $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.100% senior notes due 2030. $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.550% senior notes due 2034. Maturity Date The 2030 Notes will mature on March 1, 2030. The 2034 Notes will mature on August 22, 2034. Interest Interest on the 2030 Notes will be payable in cash and will accrue at a rate of 5.100% per annum. Interest on the 2034 Notes will be payable in cash and will accrue at a rate of 5.550% per annum. Interest Payment Dates March 1 and September 1, commencing on March 1, 2025, in the case of the 2030 Notes, and February 22 and August 22, commencing on February 22, 2025, in the case of the 2034 Notes. Interest will accrue on the notes from August 22, 2024. Ranking The notes and the related guarantees will be the issuers’ and the guarantors’ senior unsecured obligations and will: • be effectively subordinated to all of our and the guarantors’ existing and future secured debt and to our inventory financing agreements that we have entered into with certain financial intermediaries in order to facilitate the purchase of certain inventory, in each case to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt or other obligations; • be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of CDW LLC’s non-guarantor subsidiaries; • rank equal in right of payment with all of our and the guarantors’ existing and future unsecured senior debt, including our Senior Loan Facilities, our 2024 Senior Notes, our 2025 Senior Notes, our 2.670% senior notes due 2026 (the “2026 Senior Notes”), our 4.250% senior notes due 2028 (the “April 2028 Senior Notes”), our 3.276% senior notes due 2028 (the “December 2028 Senior Notes”), our 3.250% senior notes due 2029 (the “2029 Senior Notes”) and our 3.569% senior notes due 2031 (the “2031 Senior Notes”), and the related guarantees; and • rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors’ future subordinated debt. S-3 As of June 30, 2024, on an as adjusted basis to give effect to the notes offering hereby, and assuming full participation of all outstanding 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes in the Concurrent Tender Offer, we would have had $5.6 billion of total long-term debt outstanding and $404.0 million of obligations outstanding under our inventory financing agreements, and the ability to borrow approximately $1.2 billion under our Revolving Loan Facility. Guarantees The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured senior basis by CDW Corporation and by each of CDW LLC’s direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and CDW LLC’s future wholly owned direct or indirect domestic subsidiaries that guarantees our Senior Loan Facilities. Our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 11.7% of our total assets and approximately 4.7% of our total liabilities as of June 30, 2024. In addition, for the six months ended June 30, 2024, our non-guarantor subsidiaries generated approximately 12.2% of our net sales and 13.7% of our net income. Optional Redemption Prior to the applicable Par Call Date (as defined in this prospectus supplement) of the 2030 Notes and the 2034 Notes, respectively, we may redeem the applicable series of notes at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points, in the case of the 2030 Notes, and 30 basis points, in the case of the 2034 Notes less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the applicable Par Call Date, we may redeem the notes of the applicable series, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes of such series being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the applicable redemption date. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” Change of Control Repurchase Event Upon the occurrence of specific kinds of change of control repurchase events, you will have the right, as holders of the notes, to cause us to repurchase some or all of your notes at 101% of their face amount, S-4 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. See “Description of Notes—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Change of Control Repurchase Event.” Certain Covenants The indenture that will govern the notes offered hereby will contain covenants that will, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: • create liens on certain assets to secure debt; • enter into sale and lease-back transactions; and • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. No Prior Market The notes will be new securities for which there is currently no market. Although the underwriters have informed us that they intend to make a market in the notes, they are not obligated to do so, and they may discontinue market making activities at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid market for the notes will develop or be maintained. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer and the payment of related accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, fees and expenses. In the event that the Concurrent Tender Offer is not consummated, or the net proceeds from this offering exceed the amount needed to fund the purchase of the securities accepted pursuant to the Concurrent Tender Offer, we intend to use such net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the redemption of the 2024 Senior Notes and the repayment at maturity of the 2025 Senior Notes. Pending the use of any such proceeds we plan to invest the proceeds in short term fixed income securities. See “—Concurrent Tender Offer” and “Use of Proceeds.” Certain of the underwriters or their affiliates hold the securities that are subject to the Concurrent Tender Offer and may receive proceeds from this offering through the purchase of such securities in connection with the Concurrent Tender Offer. Certain of the underwriters or their affiliates are acting as dealer managers in connection with the Concurrent Tender Offer, for which they will receive customary fees. See “Underwriting.” Risk Factors See “Risk Factors” included in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as the risk factors incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, for a discussion of factors that you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase any notes. S-5 SUMMARY HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF CDW The following information for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. The following information for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 have been derived from our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. The following information is only a summary and does not provide all of the information contained in our financial statements. The unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of our management, include all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the information set forth therein. The results of interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the full year or any future periods. (dollars in millions) Six Months Ended June 30, Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2023 2022 2021 (unaudited) Statement of Operations Data: Net sales $ 10,296.1 $ 10,729.2 $ 21,376.0 $ 23,748.7 $ 20,820.8 Cost of sales 8,049.7 8,458.3 16,723.6 19,062.1 17,252.3 Gross profit 2,246.4 2,270.9 4,652.4 4,686.6 3,568.5 Selling and administrative expenses 1,485.3 1,503.4 2,971.5 2,951.4 2,149.5 Operating income 761.1 767.5 1,680.9 1,735.2 1,419.0 Interest expense, net (103.6 ) (115.9 ) (226.6 ) (235.7 ) (150.9 ) Other (expense) income, net (1.2 ) (1.9 ) (4.1 ) (11.7 ) 29.

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]