424B5 1 ea0240971-02.htm PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333 -267227 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated September 1, 2022) $ 1,750,000,000 Starbucks Corporation $ 750,000,000 4.500 % Senior Notes due 2028 $ 500,000,000 4.800 % Senior Notes due 2030 $ 500,000,000 5.400 % Senior Notes due 2035 ___________________________________________ Starbucks is offering $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.800% Senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2035 Notes” and, together with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the “Notes”). The 2028 Notes will mature on May 15, 2028, the 2030 Notes will mature on May 15, 2030 and the 2035 Notes will mature on May 15, 2035. Starbucks will pay interest on the Notes semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning November 15, 2025. Starbucks may redeem some of all of the Notes offered hereby in whole at any time or in part from time to time prior to their maturity at the redemption prices described under “Description of Notes — Redemption.” If Starbucks experiences a change of control triggering event in respect of a series of Notes offered hereby, it may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes of such series from holders as described under “Description of Notes — Offer to Repurchase upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.” The Notes will be Starbucks’ senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of its other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The Notes of each series offered hereby will be issued only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereof. ___________________________________________ Investing in the Notes involves risks that are described or referred to in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page S -5 of this prospectus supplement. Per 2028 Note Total Per 2030 Note Total Per 2035 Note Total Initial public offering price (1) 99.873 % $ 749,047,500 99.981 % $ 499,905,000 99.907 % $ 499,535,000 Underwriting discount 0.250 % $ 1,875,000 0.350 % $ 1,750,000 0.450 % $ 2,250,000 Proceeds, before expenses, to Starbucks 99.623 % $ 747,172,500 99.631 % $ 498,155,000 99.457 % $ 497,285,000 ___________ (1) Plus accrued interest from May 8, 2025, if settlement occurs after that date. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Delivery of the Notes will be made only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking, S.A., and Euroclear Bank SA/NV on or about May 8, 2025. ___________________________________________ Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities Citigroup Morgan Stanley Scotiabank US Bancorp Wells Fargo Securities Co-Managers Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan Fifth Third Securities HSBC ICBC Standard Bank Loop Capital Markets Rabo Securities Standard Chartered Bank Truist Securities Academy Securities Blaylock Van, LLC ___________________________________________ The date of this prospectus supplement is May 6 , 2025. Table of Contents You should carefully read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus we have authorized. You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized. Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We and the underwriters are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, the Notes only in jurisdictions where such offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus supplement or the date of the accompanying prospectus and the information in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or of any sale of the Notes. If the information varies between this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, the information in this prospectus supplement supersedes the information in the accompanying prospectus. TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page About this Prospectus Supplement S-ii Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-5 Use of Proceeds S-9 Description of Notes S-10 Description of Certain Other Indebtedness S-25 Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations S-27 Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) S-32 Legal Matters S-38 Experts S-38 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference S-38 Prospectus About this Prospectus 1 Where You Can Find More Information 1 Incorporation by Reference 2 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 The Company 4 Risk Factors 4 Use of Proceeds 4 Selling Security Holders 4 Description of Debt Securities 5 Description of Common Stock 12 Description of Other Securities 13 Plan of Distribution 14 Legal Matters 16 Experts 16 S-i Table of Contents About this Prospectus Supplement This document is comprised of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which contains the terms of this offering of Notes and other information. The second part is the accompanying prospectus dated September 1, 2022, which is part of our Registration Statement on Form S -3 (SEC Registration No. 333 -267227 ) and contains more general information, some of which does not apply to this offering. This prospectus supplement may add to, update or change the information in the accompanying prospectus. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with information in the accompanying prospectus, this prospectus supplement will apply and will supersede that information in the accompanying prospectus. It is important for you to read and consider all information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in making your investment decision. You should also read and consider the information in the documents to which we have referred you in “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in “Where You Can Find More Information” in the accompanying prospectus. No person is authorized to give any information or to make any representation that is different from, or in addition to, those contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized. Neither the delivery of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, nor any sale made hereunder, shall under any circumstances create any implication that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this prospectus supplement, or that the information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of such information. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation on our behalf or the underwriters or any of them, to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes, and may not be used for or in connection with an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest).” In this prospectus supplement, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references to “Starbucks,” “we,” “us,” “our” and “Company” refer to Starbucks Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. If we use a capitalized term in this prospectus supplement and do not define the term in this prospectus supplement, it is defined in the accompanying prospectus. S-ii Table of Contents Summary This summary highlights selected information from, or incorporated by reference in, this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, but may not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and those documents incorporated by reference carefully, including the “Risk Factors” and the financial statements and the related Notes, before making an investment decision. Starbucks Corporation Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, operating in 88 markets. Formed in 1985, Starbucks Corporation’s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SBUX.” We purchase and roast high -quality coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea and other beverages and a variety of high -quality food items through company -operated stores. We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé S.A. (“Nestlé”). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee ® brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana ® , Ethos ® and Starbucks Reserve ® . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver long -term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of company -operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process and technology innovation, including in our industry -leading digital platform. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories, diverse channels and alternative store formats. Our principal executive offices are located at 2401 Utah Avenue South, Seattle, Washington 98134, and our telephone number is (206) 447 -1575 . We maintain a website at http: // www.starbucks.com . The information on our website is not part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. S-1 Table of Contents The Offering The following is a summary of the Notes and is not intended to be complete. It does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a more complete understanding of the Notes, please refer to the section entitled “Description of Notes” in this prospectus supplement and the section entitled “Description of Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. Issuer Starbucks Corporation, a Washington corporation. Notes Offered $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2028. $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.800% Senior Notes due 2030. $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035. Maturity The 2028 Notes will mature on May 15, 2028. The 2030 Notes will mature on May 15 , 2030 . The 2035 Notes will mature on May 15 , 2035. Interest Payment Dates Interest on the 2028 Notes will be paid semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning November 15, 2025. Interest on the 2030 Notes will be paid semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning November 15, 2025. Interest on the 2035 Notes will be paid semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning November 15, 2025. Interest The 2028 Notes will bear interest at 4.500% per year. Interest on the 2028 Notes will accrue from May 8, 2025. The 2030 Notes will bear interest at 4.800% per year. Interest on the 2030 Notes will accrue from May 8, 2025. The 2035 Notes will bear interest at 5.400% per year. Interest on the 2035 Notes will accrue from May 8, 2025. Optional Redemption At any time prior to the applicable Par Call Date (as defined herein), the Notes of the applicable series will be redeemable, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: • 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and • (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, assuming that the Notes of the applicable series matured on the applicable Par Call Date, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360 -day year of twelve 30 -day months), at the Treasury Rate (as defined herein) plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2028 Notes, plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2030 Notes or plus 20 basis points, in the case of the 2035 Notes, less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to the redemption date. S-2 Table of Contents In addition, at any time and from time to time, on and after the applicable Par Call Date, some or all of the Notes of the applicable series will be redeemable, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the redemption date. See “Description of Notes — Redemption.” Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of a “Change of Control Triggering Event,” as defined under “Description of Notes — Offer to Repurchase upon a Change of Control Triggering Event,” in respect of a series of Notes offered hereby, we will be required, unless we have exercised our option to redeem the Notes of such series, to make an offer to repurchase the Notes of such series at a price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Ranking The Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness, whether currently existing or incurred in the future. As of March 30, 2025, we had $15,700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured Notes outstanding and a $3.0 billion unsecured, revolving Credit Agreement (as defined below), with no amounts outstanding. The Notes will be senior in right of payment to our subordinated indebtedness and effectively junior in right of payment to our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. As of March 30, 2025, we had no secured indebtedness. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any existing or future indebtedness or other liabilities, including trade payables, of any of our subsidiaries. As of March 30, 2025, our subsidiaries had $1.1 million in outstanding indebtedness (excluding trade payables). Certain Covenants The Indenture (as defined below) governing the Notes contains covenants that, among other things, will limit our ability to: • incur, create, assume or guarantee any debt for borrowed money secured by a lien upon any principal property or shares of stock or indebtedness of any subsidiary that owns any principal property; • enter into certain sale and lease -back transactions; and • consolidate with or merge into, or transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets to, any other party. These covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications that are described under the heading “Description of Notes — Certain Covenants — Limitation on Liens,” “— Limitation on Sale and Lease -Back Transactions” and “— Limitation on Mergers and Other Transactions” in this prospectus supplement. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to repay at maturity all of the $1.25 billion in aggregate principal amount of our 3.800% Senior Notes due August 15, 2025 (the “3.800% Senior Notes”), and for general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds.” S-3 Table of Contents Form and Denomination We will issue the Notes of each series offered hereby in the form of one or more fully registered global notes, without coupons, registered in the name of the nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Beneficial interests in the global notes will be represented through book -entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Clearstream Banking, S.A., and Euroclear Bank SA/NV will hold interests on behalf of their participants through their respective U.S. depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in accounts as participants of DTC. Except in the limited circumstances described in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus, owners of beneficial interests in the global notes will not be entitled to have Notes registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form and will not be considered holders of Notes under the Indenture. The Notes of each series offered hereby will be issued only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Further Issuances We may, from time to time, without giving notice to or seeking the consent of the holders or beneficial owners of any series of Notes offered hereby, issue additional debt securities having the same terms (except for the issue date and, in some cases, the public offering price and the first interest payment date) as, and ranking equally and ratably with, the Notes of a series offered hereby. Any additional debt securities having such similar terms, together with the Notes of the applicable series offered hereby, will constitute a single series of securities under the Indenture. Conflicts of Interest Certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates may be holders of our 3.800% Senior Notes, which we intend to repay in full at maturity with a portion of the net proceeds of this offering. Accordingly, such underwriters or their respective affiliates may receive more than 5% of the net proceeds of this offering, not including underwriting compensation, thus creating a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulation Authority, Inc. (“FINRA Rule 5121”). Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the requirements of FINRA Rule 5121. See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Conflicts of Interest.” Risk Factors Your investment in the Notes will involve risks. You should carefully consider all of the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus as well as the specific factors under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page S -5 . Trustee U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association. Governing Law The Indenture and the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. S-4 Table of Contents Risk Factors Investing in the Notes offered by this prospectus supplement involves risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors described below as well as those incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 -K , any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 -Q and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the Notes. Risks Relating to this Offering and the Notes Increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations. As of March 30, 2025, we had approximately $39,248.5 million of total liabilities on a consolidated basis, including $15,700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding. Our commercial paper program currently has a borrowing limit of $3.0 billion, which is backstopped by our revolving Credit Agreement. The current commitment under our Credit Agreement is $3.0 billion, which may be increased to $4.0 billion, upon the consent of the lenders under our Credit Agreement. As of March 30, 2025, we had no outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program and no amounts of outstanding borrowings under our Credit Agreement. We and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future and, subject to limitations on debt for borrowed money secured by liens on our principal properties or shares of stock or indebtedness of any subsidiaries that own any principal properties, the Notes do not restrict future incurrence of indebtedness. This increase and any future increase in our level of indebtedness will have several important effects on our future operations, including, without limitation, that: • we will have additional cash requirements to support the payment of interest on our outstanding indebtedness; • increases in our outstanding indebtedness and leverage may increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressure; • our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes may be limited; and • our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry may be limited. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions (including interest rates), inflationary pressures, disruptions to our supply chain, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things: • to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; • to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, including the Notes; • to sell selected assets; • to reduce or delay planned capital expenditures; or • to reduce or delay planned operating expenditures. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt, including the Notes. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available on economically favorable terms. S-5 Table of Contents The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the debt of our subsidiaries, which may limit your recovery. The Notes are our obligations and not obligations of any of our subsidiaries. A significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to the Notes or otherwise to make any funds available to us to repay our obligations, whether by dividends, loans or other payments. Moreover, our rights to receive assets of any subsidiary upon its liquidation or reorganization, and the ability of holders of the Notes to benefit indirectly therefrom, will be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors of that subsidiary, including trade creditors. As of March 30, 2025, our subsidiaries had $1.1 million in outstanding indebtedness (excluding trade payables). The Notes are subject to prior claims of any secured creditors, and if a default occurs, we may not have sufficient funds to fulfill our obligations under the Notes. The Notes are our senior unsecured general obligations, ranking equally with other senior unsecured indebtedness. The Indenture governing the Notes permits us and our subsidiaries to incur additional secured debt under specific circumstances. If we incur any secured debt, all or a portion of our assets will be subject to prior claims by our secured creditors. If our subsidiaries incur any secured debt, all or a portion of their assets will be subject to prior claims by their secured creditors. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up, assets that secure debt will be available to pay obligations on the Notes only after all debt secured by those assets has been repaid in full. Holders of the Notes will participate in our remaining assets ratably with all of our other unsecured and senior creditors, including our trade creditors. If we incur any additional obligations that rank equally with the Notes, including trade payables, the holders of those obligations will be entitled to share ratably with the holders of the Notes in any proceeds distributed upon our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up. This may have the effect of reducing the amount of proceeds paid to you. If there are not sufficient assets remaining to pay all these creditors, all or a portion of the Notes then outstanding would remain unpaid. As of March 30, 2025, we had no secured indebtedness. We intend to continue to repurchase our stock and pay cash dividends to shareholders, which will reduce cash reserves and shareholders’ equity that is available for repayment of the Notes. We expect to continue to repurchase our common stock under our previously announced share repurchase program and to pay cash dividends to shareholders. These expenditures may be significant, and would reduce cash and shareholders’ equity that is available to repay the Notes. The provisions of the Notes will not necessarily protect you in the event of a highly-leveraged transaction. The terms of the Notes will not necessarily afford you protection in the event of a highly -leveraged transaction that may adversely affect you, including a reorganization, recapitalization, restructuring, merger or other similar transactions involving us. As a result, we could enter into any such transaction even though the transaction could increase the total amount of our outstanding indebtedness, adversely affect our capital structure or credit rating or otherwise adversely affect the holders of the Notes. These transactions may not involve a change in voting power or beneficial ownership or result in a downgrade in the ratings of the Notes, or, even if they do, may not necessarily constitute a change of control triggering event that affords you the protections described in this prospectus supplement. If any such transaction should occur, the value of your Notes may decline. We have made only limited covenants in the Indenture governing the Notes and these limited covenants may not protect your investment. The Indenture governing the Notes does not: • require us to maintain any financial ratios or specific levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flows or liquidity and, accordingly, does not protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience significant adverse changes in our financial condition or results of operations; • limit our subsidiaries’ ability to incur indebtedness which would effectively rank senior to the Notes; • limit our ability to incur indebtedness that is equal in right of payment to the Notes; S-6 Table of Contents • restrict our ability to repurchase our common stock; or • restrict our ability to make investments or to pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Notes. Furthermore, the Indenture governing the Notes contains only limited protections in the event of a change of control and similar transactions. We could engage in many types of transactions, such as acquisitions, refinancings or recapitalizations, that could substantially affect our capital structure and the value of the Notes but may not constitute a change of control that, upon any resulting downgrade in credit rating below investment grade, permits holders to require us to repurchase their Notes. We may not be able to repurchase all of the Notes upon a change of control triggering event, which would result in a default under the Notes. We may be required to offer to repurchase a series of Notes upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event with respect to such series of Notes as provided in the Indenture governing the Notes. However, we may not have sufficient funds to repurchase the Notes in cash at such time. In addition, our ability to

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]