424B5 1 tm2415069-5_424b5.htm 424B5 tm2415069-5_424b5 - none - 8.4476972s TABLE OF CONTENTS Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​ Registration Statement No.: 333-269858 ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated February 17, 2023) $1,000,000,000 $500,000,000 4.950% Senior Notes due 2029 $500,000,000 5.400% Senior Notes due 2034 ​ We are offering two series of notes consisting of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 4.950% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Notes”) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 5.400% Senior Notes due 2034 (the “2034 Notes” and, together with the 2029 Notes, the “Senior Notes”). We will pay interest on the Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning February 15, 2025. The 2029 Notes will mature on August 15, 2029 and the 2034 Notes will mature on August 15, 2034, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. We may, at our option, redeem the Senior Notes of each series, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the applicable redemption prices described in this prospectus supplement under “Description of the Senior Notes — Redemption at Our Option.” If we experience a change of control repurchase event in respect of a series of Senior Notes, we may be required to offer to repurchase all of the Senior Notes of such series from holders. The Senior Notes of each series will be issued only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Senior Notes will be our general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of our existing or future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt and will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and any preferred equity of our subsidiaries. Each series of Senior Notes is a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We will not list the Senior Notes of either series on any securities exchange or on any automated dealer quotation system. ​ Investing in the Senior Notes involves risks. See the discussions contained in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-5 of this prospectus supplement. ​ Neither the SEC nor any state or other securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. ​ ​ ​ Per 2029 Note ​ ​ Total ​ ​ Per 2034 Note ​ ​ Total ​ Public offering price (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.790 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 498,950,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.467 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 497,335,000 ​ ​ Underwriting discounts ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.600 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 3,000,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.650 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 3,250,000 ​ ​ Proceeds, before expenses, to us (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.190 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 495,950,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 98.817 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 494,085,000 ​ ​ ​ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from August 16, 2024, if settlement occurs after that date. ​ The Senior Notes are expected to be ready for delivery in book-entry only form through The Depository Trust Company and its participants, including Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, on or about August 16, 2024. ​ Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities Citigroup Wells Fargo Securities Co-Managers ​ Barclays ​ ​ Deutsche Bank Securities ​ ​ PNC Capital Markets LLC ​ ​ The date of this prospectus supplement is August 7, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement ​ ​ ​ Page ​ About This Prospectus Supplement ​ ​ ​ ​ S-ii ​ ​ Forward-Looking Statements ​ ​ ​ ​ S-iv ​ ​ Summary ​ ​ ​ ​ S-1 ​ ​ Risk Factors ​ ​ ​ ​ S-5 ​ ​ Use of Proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ S-9 ​ ​ Capitalization ​ ​ ​ ​ S-10 ​ ​ Description of the Senior Notes ​ ​ ​ ​ S-11 ​ ​ Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations ​ ​ ​ ​ S-27 ​ ​ Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) ​ ​ ​ ​ S-32 ​ ​ Legal Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ S-37 ​ ​ Experts ​ ​ ​ ​ S-37 ​ ​ Where You Can Find More Information ​ ​ ​ ​ S-37 ​ ​ Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference ​ ​ ​ ​ S-38 ​ ​ Prospectus ​ ​ ​ Page ​ About This Prospectus ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ Forward-Looking Statements ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ About Borgwarner Inc. ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ Risk Factors ​ ​ ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ Use of Proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Description of Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Description of Debt Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ Description of Preferred Stock ​ ​ ​ ​ 20 ​ ​ Description of Common Stock ​ ​ ​ ​ 22 ​ ​ Description of Depositary Shares ​ ​ ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ Description of Warrants ​ ​ ​ ​ 29 ​ ​ Description of Units ​ ​ ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ Form of Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ 34 ​ ​ Plan of Distribution ​ ​ ​ ​ 35 ​ ​ Legal Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ 37 ​ ​ Experts ​ ​ ​ ​ 37 ​ ​ Where You Can Find More Information ​ ​ ​ ​ 37 ​ ​ Incorporation of Documents by Reference ​ ​ ​ ​ 37 ​ ​ You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus we have authorized. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any other person to provide you with different or additional information. If anyone provides you with different or additional information, you should not rely on it. You should assume that the information appearing or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, as the case may be, or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of the Senior Notes that we are offering and other matters relating to us and this offering. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which gives more general information about securities we may offer from time to time, some of which does not apply to the Senior Notes we are offering. The description of the terms of the Senior Notes in this prospectus supplement supplements, and to the extent inconsistent replaces, the description in the accompanying prospectus under “Description of Debt Securities.” Generally, when we refer to the prospectus, we are referring to both parts of this document combined. If information in this prospectus supplement differs from information in the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. Except as used in “Description of the Senior Notes,” as the context otherwise requires, or as otherwise specified or used in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, the terms “we,” “our,” “us,” “the company,” “BWA” and “BorgWarner” refer to BorgWarner Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. You should not consider any information in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to be investment, legal, accounting or tax advice. You should consult your own business advisors, counsel, accountants and other advisors for investment, legal, accounting, tax and related advice regarding your purchase of Senior Notes. We are not making any representation to you regarding the legality of an investment in the Senior Notes under applicable investment or similar laws. You should read and consider all of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus before making your investment decision. The Senior Notes are offered globally for sale only in those jurisdictions in the United States, Europe, Asia and elsewhere where it is lawful to make such offers. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the offering or sale of the Senior Notes in some jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who receive this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus should inform themselves about and observe any applicable restrictions. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may not be used for or in connection with an offer or solicitation by any person in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make that offer or solicitation. NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA None of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the European Union’s Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). PRIIPs Regulation/Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors — The Senior Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more of): (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market — Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM None of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). UK PRIIPs Regulation/ Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors — The Senior Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The communication of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the Senior Notes offered hereby is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the FSMA. Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to persons outside the United Kingdom and those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial Promotion Order”)), or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom, the Senior Notes offered hereby are only available to, and any investment or investment activity to which this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus or any other document or materials relating to the issue of the Senior Notes offered hereby relates will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus or any other document or materials relating to the issue of the Senior Notes offered hereby or any of their contents. UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market — Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), we have determined the classification of the Senior Notes as prescribed capital markets S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may constitute forward-looking statements as contemplated by the 1995 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) that are based on management’s current outlook, expectations, estimates and projections. Words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “could,” “designed,” “effect,” “estimates,” “evaluates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “goal,” “guidance,” “initiative,” “intends,” “may,” “outlook,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “pursue,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “when,” “will,” “would,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Further, all statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus regarding matters that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future regarding our financial position, business strategy and measures to implement that strategy, including changes to operations, competitive strengths, goals, expansion and growth of our business and operations, plans, references to future success and other such matters, are forward-looking statements. Accounting estimates contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are inherently forward-looking. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and the Company’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, as the case may be, or, in the case of documents referred to or incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, among others, include supply disruptions impacting us or our customers, commodity availability and pricing, and an inability to achieve expected levels of recoverability in commercial negotiations with customers concerning these costs; competitive challenges from existing and new competitors, including original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers; the challenges associated with rapidly changing technologies, particularly as they relate to electric vehicles, and our ability to innovate in response; the difficulty in forecasting demand for electric vehicles and our electric vehicles revenue growth; potential disruptions in the global economy caused by wars or other geopolitical conflicts; the ability to identify targets and consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions on a timely basis; the possibility that our 2023 tax-free spin-off of our former Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate publicly traded company will not achieve its intended benefits; the failure to promptly and effectively integrate acquired businesses; the potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses; our dependence on automotive and truck production, which is highly cyclical and subject to disruptions; our reliance on major OEM customers; impacts of any future strikes involving any of our OEM customers and any actions such OEM customers take in response; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; our dependence on information systems; the uncertainty of the global economic environment; the outcome of existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation with respect to various claims, or governmental investigations, including related litigation; future changes in laws and regulations, including, by way of example, taxes and tariffs, in the countries in which we operate; impacts from any potential future acquisition or disposition transactions; and the other risks described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , and in other reports that we file with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and beginning on page S-5 of this prospectus supplement. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying the statements, except as required by law. S-iv TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SUMMARY This summary highlights information from this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. It is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before making a decision to invest in our Senior Notes. We encourage you to read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in their entirety before making an investment decision, including the information set forth under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company We are a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. Our products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. We manufacture and sell these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles, vans and light trucks). Our products are also sold to OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). We also manufacture and sell our products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. We operate manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and are an original equipment supplier to every major automotive OEM in the world. BorgWarner is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive office is located at 3850 Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326, our telephone number is (248) 754-9200 and our website address is borgwarner.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form a part of, this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Recent Developments Concurrent Tender Offers Concurrently with this offering, we are commencing offers (the “Tender Offers”) to purchase any and all of the $384 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 3.375% Senior Notes due March 15, 2025 (the “March 2025 Notes”) and the $453 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 5.000% Senior Notes due October 1, 2025 (the “October 2025 Notes” and collectively with the March 2025 Notes, the “Outstanding Notes”). The Tender Offers are being made upon, and are subject to, the terms and conditions set forth in a separate offer to purchase. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to purchase any of the Outstanding Notes. Any such offer is made exclusively pursuant to the terms of, and subject to the conditions set forth in, the offer to purchase. We intend to pay the purchase price for, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Outstanding Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the Tender Offers and to pay the fees and expenses associated with the Tender Offers with the net proceeds from this offering. The completion of the Tender Offers will be conditioned on, among other things, our having completed, on or prior to the settlement date for the Tender Offers, one or more debt financing transactions, including the Senior Notes offered hereby, on terms acceptable to us. This offering is not conditioned on the completion of the Tender Offers. There can be no assurance that we will consummate the Tender Offers. There can be no assurance as to the principal amount of any series of Outstanding Notes that will be tendered or accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offers and, as a result, the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Notes tendered and accepted for purchase, and the cash consideration paid pursuant to the Tender Offers, may differ from the assumed amounts presented herein. S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering The summary below describes the principal terms of the Senior Notes. Certain of the terms described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The “Description of the Senior Notes” section of this prospectus supplement and the “Description of Debt Securities” section of the accompanying prospectus contain a more detailed description of the terms of the Senior Notes. As used in this section, “we,” “our” and “us” refer solely to BorgWarner Inc., and not to its consolidated subsidiaries. Issuer BorgWarner Inc. Notes Offered $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Senior Notes due 2029. $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2034. Maturity The 2029 Notes will mature on August 15, 2029. The 2034 Notes will mature on August 15, 2034. Interest The 2029 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 4.950% per year. The 2034 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.400% per year. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2025. Optional Redemption At any time prior to the applicable Par Call Date (as defined herein), we may redeem the Senior Notes of the applicable series, in whole at any time or in part at any time and from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Senior Notes being redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such Senior Notes matured on the applicable Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months), at the Treasury Rate (as defined herein) plus 20 basis points, in the case of the 2029 Notes, or plus 25 basis points, in the case of the 2034 Notes, less (b) interest accrued on such Senior Notes to the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed on the redemption date, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Senior Notes being redeemed to the redemption date. In addition, at any time and from time to time, on and after the applicable Par Call Date, we may redeem the Senior Notes of the applicable series, in whole at any time or in part at any time and from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]