424B5 1 finalprospectussupplementj.htm 424B5 Document Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-277928 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated March 14, 2024) $500,000,000 Toll Brothers Finance Corp. 5.600% Senior Notes due 2035 Guaranteed on a Senior Basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and Certain of its Subsidiaries Toll Brothers Finance Corp., or “Toll Brothers Finance,” is offering $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.600% senior notes due 2035 (the “notes”). Toll Brothers Finance will pay interest on the notes semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2025. The notes will mature on June 15, 2035. Toll Brothers Finance may, at its option, redeem some or all of the notes at any time at the redemption prices described in this prospectus supplement under the caption “Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption.” There is no sinking fund for the notes. We expect to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the refinancing of Toll Brothers Finance’s 4.875% senior notes due 2025. We must offer to purchase the notes if we experience a change of control under certain circumstances. See “Description of the Notes—Change of Control Repurchase Event.” The notes will be unsecured and will rank equally with all of the existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Toll Brothers Finance. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Toll Brothers Finance’s indirect parent company, Toll Brothers, Inc., and all of Toll Brothers, Inc.’s subsidiaries that are guarantors under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein). Investing in the notes involves risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors beginning on page S- 10 of this prospectus supplement and the “ Risk Factors ” sections in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Initial Public Offering Price (1) Underwriting Discount Proceeds, Before Expenses to Us Per Note 99.636% 0.650% 98.986% Total $ 498,180,000 $ 3,250,000 $ 494,930,000 __________________ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from June 10, 2025. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Delivery of the notes is expected to be made to investors through the book-entry delivery system of The Depository Trust Company and its direct or indirect participants, including Clearstream Banking, société anonyme , and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System on or about June 10, 2025. Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities BBVA BMO Capital Markets Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mizuho PNC Capital Markets LLC Truist Securities US Bancorp Wells Fargo Securities Lead Managers Citizens Capital Markets Regions Securities LLC Co-Managers BNY Capital Markets Capital One Securities Fifth Third Securities CIBC Capital Markets Comerica Securities TD Securities Texas Capital Securities Zions Capital Markets The date of this prospectus supplement is June 5, 2025. We are only responsible for the information incorporated by reference or provided in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, or any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in any related free writing prospectus, is accurate as of any date other than the date of the document containing such information. TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S - 1 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA S- 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S- 1 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE S- 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S- 2 PRIIPs REGULATION / PROSPECTUS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS S- 4 SUMMARY S- 5 RISK FACTORS S- 10 USE OF PROCEEDS S- 13 CAPITALIZATION S- 14 DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES S- 15 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES S- 31 CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS S- 35 UNDERWRITING S- 37 LEGAL MATTERS S- 42 EXPERTS S- 42 Prospectus ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 OUR COMPANY 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 2 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE 2 RISK FACTORS 3 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 USE OF PROCEEDS 5 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 5 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 9 DESCRIPTION OF SENIOR DEBT SECURITIES AND GUARANTEES 12 DESCRIPTION OF SUBORDINATED DEBT SECURITIES AND GUARANTEES 22 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 34 LEGAL MATTERS 36 EXPERTS 37 S-i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the “SEC,” utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under this process, we are offering to sell the notes using this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This prospectus supplement describes the specific terms of this offering. The accompanying prospectus gives general information about our offerings of debt securities described in the accompanying prospectus. You should read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, and the additional information described below under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.” If the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement will apply and will supersede that information in the accompanying prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to “Toll Brothers,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company” or similar references mean Toll Brothers, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Toll Brothers Finance and the other subsidiary guarantors. INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA We obtained the market and competitive position data used throughout this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein from our own research, surveys or studies conducted by third parties and industry or general publications. Industry publications and surveys generally state that they have obtained information from sources believed to be reliable, but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information. While we believe that each of these studies and publications is reliable, neither we nor the underwriters have independently verified such data and neither we nor the underwriters make any representation as to the accuracy of such information. Similarly, we believe our internal research is reliable, but it has not been verified by any independent sources. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus supplement is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. For further information about us, you should refer to the registration statement. The information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus summarizes material provisions of contracts and other documents to which we refer you. Since the information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may not contain all of the information that you may find important, you should review the full text of the documents to which we refer you. We have filed certain of these documents as exhibits to our registration statement. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In accordance with those requirements, we file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public from the SEC’s Internet website at www.sec.gov and on our website, at www.tollbrothers.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. In addition, our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “TOL”. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus supplement the information we file with it. This means that we are permitted to disclose important information to you by referring you to other documents we have filed with the SEC. We incorporate by reference in two ways. First, we list below certain documents that we S-1 have filed with the SEC. Second, we expect to file additional documents with the SEC in the future that will, when filed, update the current information included in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. You should consider any statement contained in this prospectus supplement or in a document which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement to be modified or superseded to the extent that the statement is modified or superseded by another statement contained in a later dated document that constitutes a part of this prospectus supplement or is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. You should consider any statement that is so modified or superseded to be a part of this prospectus supplement only as so modified or superseded. We incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement all the documents listed below and any filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this prospectus supplement and prior to the termination of the offerings made by this prospectus supplement (excluding, in each case, any portion of such documents that may have been “furnished” but not “filed” for purposes of the Exchange Act): • Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2024 ; • the portions of our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on January 30, 2025 , to the extent specifically incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2024 ; • Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Toll Brothers, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2025 ; • Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Toll Brothers, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2025 ; and • Current Reports on Form 8-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. filed with the SEC on February 11, 2025 and March 12, 2025 . The preceding list of documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement supersedes and replaces the documents listed in the accompanying prospectus under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information By Reference.” You may request copies of these filings at no cost by writing or calling us at Toll Brothers, Inc., 1140 Virginia Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034, Attention: Director of Investor Relations, (215) 938-8000. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference herein, contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. One can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of a strictly historical or factual nature and generally discuss or relate to future events. These statements contain words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “may,” “can,” “could,” “might,” “should,” “likely,” “will” and other words or phrases of similar meaning. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information related to: market conditions; mortgage rates; inflation rates; demand for our homes; our build-to-order and quick move-in home strategy; sales paces and prices; effects of home buyer cancellations; our strategic priorities; growth and expansion; our land acquisition, land development and capital allocation priorities; anticipated operating results; home deliveries; financial resources and condition; changes in revenues, profitability, margins and returns; changes in accounting treatment; cost of revenues, including expected labor and material costs; availability of labor and materials; selling, general and administrative expenses; interest expense; inventory write-downs; home warranty and construction defect claims; unrecognized tax benefits; anticipated tax refunds; joint ventures in which we are involved; anticipated results from our investments in unconsolidated entities; our ability to acquire land and pursue real estate opportunities; our ability to gain approvals and open new communities; our ability to market, construct and sell homes and properties; our ability to deliver S-2 homes from backlog; our ability to secure materials and subcontractors; our ability to produce the liquidity and capital necessary to conduct normal business operations or to expand and take advantage of opportunities; the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and claims; and the impact of public health or other emergencies. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from our forward-looking statements. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. The major risks and uncertainties – and assumptions that are made – that affect our business and may cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: • the effect of general economic conditions, including employment rates, housing starts, interest and mortgage rates, home affordability, inflation, consumer sentiment, availability of financing for home mortgages and strength of the U.S. dollar; • market demand for our products, which is related to the strength of the various U.S. business segments and U.S. and international economic conditions; • the availability of desirable and reasonably priced land and our ability to control, purchase, hold and develop such land; • access to adequate capital on acceptable terms; • geographic concentration of our operations; • levels of competition; • the price and availability of lumber, other raw materials and home components; • the impact of labor shortages, including on our subcontractors, supply chain and municipalities; • the effect of U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and duties on home building products and retaliatory measures taken by other countries; • the effects of weather and the risk of loss from earthquakes, volcanoes, fires, floods, droughts, windstorms, hurricanes, pest infestations and other natural disasters, and the risk of delays, reduced consumer demand, unavailability of insurance, and shortages and price increases in labor or materials associated with such natural disasters; • risks arising from acts of war, terrorism or outbreaks of contagious diseases, such as COVID-19; • federal and state tax policies; • transportation costs; • the effect of land use, environmental and other governmental laws and regulations; • legal proceedings or disputes and the adequacy of reserves; • risks relating to any unforeseen changes to or effects on liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; • the effect of potential loss of key management personnel; • changes in accounting principles; S-3 • risks related to unauthorized access to our computer systems, theft of our and our homebuyers’ confidential information or other forms of cyber-attack; and • other factors described in “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2024. From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our periodic reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in press releases, in presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in our reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in our reports or public statements made by us, such as market conditions, government regulation, and the competitive environment, will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from our forward-looking statements. This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and all of our forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referenced in this section. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. PRIIPs REGULATION / PROSPECTUS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of such offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe to such notes. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus have been prepared on the basis that any offer of notes in any member state of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of notes. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. S-4 SUMMARY The following summary contains information about us and the offering of the notes. It does not contain all of the information that may be important to you in making a decision to purchase the notes. For a more complete understanding of us and the notes, we urge you to read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference carefully, including the “Risk Factors” sections and our financial statements and the notes to those statements incorporated by reference herein. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” Toll Brothers, Inc. Toll Brothers, Inc., a Delaware corporation formed in May 1986, began doing business through predecessor entities in 1967. We design, build, market, sell and arrange financing for an array of luxury residential single-family detached home, attached home, master-planned and urban low-, mid-, and high-rise communities. In recent years, we have pursued a strategy of broadening our product lines, price points and geographic footprint, as well as increasing the number of quick move-in (or “spec”) homes that we sell relative to our traditional build-to-order homes. We cater to luxury first-time, move-up, empty-nester (move-down), active-adult and second-home buyers in the United States, as well as urban and suburban renters under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living. We also design, build, market and sell high-density, high-rise urban luxury condominiums with third-party joint venture partners through Toll Brothers City Living. At April 30, 2025, we were operating in 24 states and in the District of Columbia. We operate our own architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development, insurance, smart home technology and landscaping subsidiaries. We also develop master-planned and golf course communities as well as operate, in certain regions, our own lumber distribution, house component assembly and manufacturing operations. In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and operate urban and suburban for-rent apartment communities primarily through joint ventures. These projects are located in various metropolitan areas throughout the country and are generally being operated or developed (or we expect will be developed) with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living. Our executive offices are located at 1140 Virginia Drive, Fort Washington, Pennsylvania 19034. Our telephone number is (215) 938-8000 and our website address is www.tollbrothers.com. Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Toll Brothers Finance Corp. Toll Brothers Finance is an indirect, 100% owned subsidiary of Toll Brothers, Inc. Toll Brothers Finance generates no operating revenues and does not have any independent operations other than the financing of other subsidiaries of Toll Brothers, Inc. by lending the proceeds of the offering of the notes and previous offerings of debt securities as well as any offerings of debt securities it may make in the future. S-5 THE OFFERING The following summary contains basic information about this offering. It does not contain all the information that is important to you. You should read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus carefully before making an investment decision. Issuer Toll Brothers Finance Corp. Notes Offered $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.600% Senior Notes due 2035. Maturity Date June 15, 2035. Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates 5.600% per annum; payable every June 15 and December 15, beginning on December 15, 2025. Optional Redemption At any time prior to the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity of the notes, Toll Brothers Finance may, at its option, redeem any or all of the notes at a “make-whole” redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date, as described under “Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption.” On or after such date, Toll Brothers Finance may, at its option, redeem any or all of the notes at par plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. Guarantees Payment of principal and interest on the notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and by all of Toll Brothers, Inc.’s subsidiaries that are guarantors under the $2.35 billion revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) of First Huntingdon Finance Corp., an indirect, 100% owned subsidiary of Toll Brothers, Inc. Ranking The notes are senior obligations of Toll Brothers Finance and will not be secured by any collateral. Your right to payment under the notes will be: S-6 • effectively subordinated to the rights of any future secured creditors of Toll Brothers Finance to the extent of the value of the assets securing the applicable secured obligations; and • equal with all of Toll Brothers Finance’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, including, without limitation, its $350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2025, its $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2027, its $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.350% Senior Notes due 2028, its $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.800% Senior Notes due 2029 and any indebtedness arising from its guarantee of the Revolving Credit Facility and its guarantee of the $650 million term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”) of First Huntingdon Finance Corp. At April 30, 2025, the aggregate outstanding principal and accrued interest of Toll Brothers Finance’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, including its guarantee of the Revolving Credit Facility (including the face amount of letters of credit issued thereunder) and its guarantee of the Term Loan Facility, was approximately $2.43 billion, and the undrawn availability under the Revolving Credit Facility was approximately $2.19 billion, after taking into account $159.0 million of outstanding letters of credit that have been issued thereunder; and • senior to the rights of creditors of Toll Brothers Finance under existing and future debt that is expressly subordinated to the notes. The guarantee of the notes by each of the guarantors will also not be secured by any collateral. Your right to payment under any guarantee will be: S-7 • effectively subordinated to the rights of secured creditors of the applicable guarantor, to the extent of the value of the guarantor’s assets securing the applicable secured obligations. At April 30, 2025, the guarantors had approximately $278.1 million aggregate principal amount of secured indebtedness for borrowed money comprised principally of indebtedness of subsidiary guarantors secured by purchase money mortgages on some of their respective real property for borrowed money and various revenue bonds that were issued by government entities on behalf of certain subsidiary guarantors to finance community infrastructure; • structurally subordinated to the prior claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of the subsidiaries of the applicable guarantor that are not guarantors of the notes; the aggregate amount of liabilities (excluding advances from consolidated entities) of Toll Brothers, Inc.’s subsidiaries that will not issue or guarantee the notes was approximately $726.3 million at April 30, 2025; and • equal with the rights of creditors under the guarantors’ other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, including, without limitation, each guarantor’s guarantee of Toll Brothers Finance’s 4.875% Senior Notes due 2025, 4.875% Senior Notes due 2027, 4.350% Senior Notes due 2028, 3.800% Senior Notes due 2029, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility. As of April 30, 2025, the aggregate outstanding principal and accrued interest of unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the guarantors, including, without limitation, each guarantor’s guarantees as described above, was approximately $2.43 billion, and the undrawn availability under the Revolving Credit Facility was approximately $2.19 billion, after taking into account $159.0 million of outstanding letters of credit that have been issued thereunder; and • senior to the rights of creditors under the guarantors’ existing and future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantee. Certain Covenants The indenture governing the notes contains covenants that, among other things, will limit the ability of Toll Brothers Finance, Toll Brothers, Inc. and some of Toll Brothers, Inc.’s subsidiaries to: • issue, assume or guarantee certain additional secured indebtedness; and • engage in certain sale and lease-back transactions. These covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications. See “Description of the Notes.” S-8 Change of Control

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]