424B5 1 d940835d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-280982 Subject to Completion Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated April 28, 2025 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated July 24, 2024) $ D.R. Horton, Inc. % Senior Notes due 20 The Company We are the largest homebuilding company in the United States as measured by number of homes closed. We construct and sell homes through our operating divisions in 126 markets across 36 states. We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of our % senior notes due 20 (the “notes”). The Notes The notes will mature on , 20 . The notes will pay interest semi-annually in cash in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. The notes will accrue interest at the rate of % per annum. On the closing date of this offering, the notes will be guaranteed by substantially all of our homebuilding subsidiaries. The notes and the respective guarantees will be senior unsecured obligations. The notes will rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing homebuilding senior indebtedness, including our existing homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility, and senior to any future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the notes. The guarantees will rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the guarantors, including their guarantees of our existing homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility. We may redeem some or all of the notes at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices described in this prospectus supplement. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” In addition, upon the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Downgrade Event (each as defined in “Description of Notes”), subject to certain exceptions, we will make an offer to each holder to purchase all or any part of that holder’s notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. See “Description of Notes—Certain Covenants—Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event.” Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Note Total Public offering price(1) % $ Underwriting discount % $ Proceeds, before expenses, to D.R. Horton, Inc.(1) % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2025. The notes will be ready for delivery in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme , on or about , 2025. Joint Book-Running Managers Mizuho US Bancorp Wells Fargo Securities The date of this prospectus supplement is , 2025. Table of Contents We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representation that is different from, or in addition to, the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurances as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you or representations that others may make. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, or the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, is accurate as of any date other than the date of each such document, unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those respective dates. TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page About this Prospectus Supplement S-iii Incorporation by Reference S-iv Forward-Looking Statements S-v Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-9 Use of Proceeds S-26 Capitalization S-27 Description of Notes S-29 Description of Other Indebtedness S-51 Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences S-55 Underwriting S-60 Legal Matters S-65 Experts S-65 Prospectus dated July 24, 2024 Page Forward-Looking Statements ii Risk Factors 1 The Company 1 Securities We May Offer 3 Use of Proceeds 4 Description of Debt Securities 5 Description of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 11 Description of Warrants 15 Description of Stock Purchase Contracts and Stock Purchase Units 16 Description of Units 17 Plan of Distribution 18 Legal Matters 20 Experts 20 Where You Can Find More Information 21 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference 22 S-i Table of Contents The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. You should inform yourself about and observe any of these restrictions. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized, or in which the person making the offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation. S-ii Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering of the notes. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which gives more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. If the information about the offering of the notes varies between this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. For information about the notes, see “Description of Notes” in this prospectus supplement. When we refer to this “document,” we mean this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires. Before you invest in the notes, you should read the registration statement of which this document forms a part and this document, including the documents incorporated by reference herein that are described under the heading “Incorporation by Reference.” Any statement made in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in any other subsequently filed document that is also incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus modifies or supersedes that statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. S-iii Table of Contents INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this or another document. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus incorporate by reference the documents listed below that we have filed with the SEC but have not been included or delivered with this document. These documents contain important information about us and our business, prospects and financial condition. Filing Period or Date Filed Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the sections incorporated by reference therein from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on December 13, 2024) Year ended September 30, 2024 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q Quarter ended December 31, 2024 Quarter ended March 31, 2025 Current Reports on Form 8-K November 1, 2024 December 23, 2024 January 17, 2025 February 26, 2025 ( two filed on this date ) We also incorporate by reference any future filings we make with the SEC under sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), between the date of this prospectus supplement and the termination of the offering of the securities. These additional documents include periodic reports, such as annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K (other than information furnished and not filed by us under any item of any current report on Form 8-K, including the related exhibits, which is deemed not to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus), as well as proxy statements (other than information identified in them as not incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)). You should review these filings as they may disclose changes in our business, prospects, financial condition or other affairs after the date of this prospectus supplement. The information that we file later with the SEC under sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and before the termination of this offering will automatically update and supersede previous information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus from us without charge, excluding any exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, by requesting them in writing or by telephone from us at the following address: Investor Relations D.R. Horton, Inc. 1341 Horton Circle Arlington, Texas 76011 (817) 390-8200 S-iv Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be construed as “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. These forward-looking statements typically include the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “consider,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “outlook,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will,” “would” or other words of similar meaning. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. As a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: • the cyclical nature of the homebuilding, rental and lot development industries and changes in economic, real estate or other conditions; • adverse developments affecting the capital markets and financial institutions, which could limit our ability to access capital, increase our cost of capital and impact our liquidity and capital resources; • reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates; • the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory; • our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions, investments or other strategic initiatives successfully; • the impact of an inflationary, deflationary or higher interest rate environment; • risks of acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor and challenges obtaining regulatory approvals; • the effects of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic on the economy and our businesses; • the effects of weather conditions and natural disasters on our business and financial results; • home warranty and construction defect claims; • the effects of health and safety incidents; • reductions in the availability of performance bonds; • increases in the costs of owning a home; • the effects of information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations; • the effects of governmental regulations and environmental matters on our land development and housing operations; • the effects of governmental regulations on our financial services operations; • the effects of competitive conditions within the industries in which we operate; • our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations; • the effects of negative publicity; S-v Table of Contents • the effects of the loss of key personnel; and • the effects of actions by activist stockholders. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus should be consulted. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in this prospectus supplement, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which are filed with the SEC. See “Incorporation by Reference.” S-vi Table of Contents SUMMARY This is only a summary of the offering. To fully understand an investment in the notes, you must consider this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the detailed information incorporated by reference into them, including the financial statements and their accompanying notes. For purposes of this prospectus supplement, unless we have indicated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms the “Company,” “we,” “our” or like terms refer to D.R. Horton, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries. D.R. Horton, Inc. D.R. Horton, Inc. is the largest homebuilding company in the United States as measured by number of homes closed. We have closed more than 1.1 million homes during our 46-year history, and we have been the largest volume homebuilder in the United States every year since 2002. We construct and sell homes through our operating divisions in 126 markets across 36 states. Our business operations consist of homebuilding, rental, a majority-owned residential lot development company, financial services and other activities. Our homebuilding operations are our core business, generating 92% of our consolidated revenues of $36.8 billion in fiscal 2024, 90% of our consolidated revenues of $35.5 billion in fiscal 2023 and 95% of our consolidated revenues of $33.5 billion in fiscal 2022. Our homebuilding operations generate most of their revenues from the sale of completed homes and to a lesser extent from the sale of land and lots. Approximately 84% of our home sales revenue in the six months ended March 31, 2025 was generated from the sale of single-family detached homes, with the remainder from the sale of attached homes, such as townhomes, duplexes and triplexes. Our product offerings include a broad range of homes for entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury buyers. Our rental segment consists of single-family and multi-family rental operations. The single-family rental operations construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then generally market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties, the majority of which are apartment communities. At March 31, 2025, we owned 62% of the outstanding shares of Forestar Group Inc. (“Forestar”), a publicly traded residential lot development company listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “FOR.” Forestar operates across many of our homebuilding operating markets and is a key part of our homebuilding strategy to maintain relationships with land developers and to control a large portion of our land and lot position through land purchase contracts. Our financial services operations provide mortgage financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of our homebuilding markets. DHI Mortgage, our wholly-owned subsidiary, provides mortgage financing services primarily to our homebuyers and sells substantially all of the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers after origination. Our wholly-owned subsidiary title companies serve as title insurance agents by providing title insurance policies, examination, underwriting and closing services primarily to our homebuilding customers. In addition to our homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. We conduct insurance-related operations, own water rights and other water-related assets and own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements. The results of these operations are immaterial for separate reporting and therefore are grouped together and presented as other. S-1 Table of Contents For more information about our business, please refer to the section entitled “Business” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the sections entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Our principal executive offices are located at 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, Texas 76011. Our telephone number is (817) 390-8200, and our Internet website address is www.drhorton.com . Information on or connected to our Internet website is not a part of this prospectus supplement. Current Industry Conditions The 2025 spring selling season has begun, and new home demand has been slower than expected due to uncertainty among potential homebuyers caused by continued affordability constraints and declining consumer confidence. As a result, our net sales orders and homebuilding revenues in the second quarter decreased 15% from the prior year period, and our home sales gross margin decreased to 21.8% as we increased sales incentives such as buydowns of mortgage rates for our homebuyers. We strive to remain well-positioned with affordable product offerings and a flexible lot supply, and we will continue to manage our home pricing, sales incentives and number of homes in inventory based on the level of new home demand in each of our local markets. We expect our incentive levels to stay elevated and increase further, depending on market conditions and changes in mortgage interest rates. We remain focused on our relationships with land developers across the country in order to maximize returns and capital efficiency. Within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, lots controlled through purchase contracts represent 75% of the lots owned and controlled at March 31, 2025 compared to 76% at September 30, 2024 and 77% at March 31, 2024. We are prioritizing the purchase of finished lots from Forestar and other land developers when possible. During the six months ended March 31, 2025, 65% of the homes we closed were on lots developed by either Forestar or a third party. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to generate strong cash flows from our operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. S-2 Table of Contents The Offering The summary below describes the principal terms of the notes and the guarantees. Many of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. For a more complete understanding of this offering and the terms and conditions of the notes and guarantees, we encourage you to read this entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the sections of this prospectus supplement entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of Notes.” Issuer D.R. Horton, Inc., a Delaware corporation Securities Offered $ aggregate principal amount of our % senior notes due 20 . Maturity Date The notes will mature on , 20 . Interest Payment Dates Interest on the notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on and , beginning on , 2025, and will be payable to holders of record at the close of business on the or immediately preceding the interest payment date (whether or not a business day). Optional Redemption We may redeem all or a portion of the notes, at our option, at any time or from time to time. If the notes are redeemed prior to (such date, the “Par Call Date”), the redemption price for the notes to be redeemed on any redemption date will be equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the “Description of Notes”) plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes being redeemed to (but not including) the redemption date. If the notes are redeemed on or after the Par Call Date, the redemption price for such notes will equal 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but not including) the date of redemption. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” Guarantees On the closing date of this offering, the notes will be guaranteed by substantially all of our homebuilding subsidiaries. Each of our subsidiaries will be required to guarantee the notes if it guarantees any of our other publicly traded debt securities with an outstanding principal amount of $50 million or more or our indebtedness under our homebuilding revolving credit facility or any future homebuilding credit facilities with commitments or outstanding borrowings in excess of $50 million. Certain of our subsidiaries (including Forestar, certain of our rental segment subsidiaries, and our subsidiaries engaged in the financial services and other non-homebuilding segments) will not guarantee the notes. If we cannot make payments on the notes when they are due, the guarantor subsidiaries are required to make them. S-3 Table of Contents Ranking The notes are our general obligations and will not be secured by any collateral. Your right to payment under the notes will be: • effectively junior to the rights of our secured creditors to the extent of the value of their security in our assets; • equal with the rights of creditors under any other unsecured unsubordinated debt, including our existing homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility; and • senior to the rights of creditors under any future debt that is expressly subordinated to these notes. The guarantees will also not be secured by any collateral. Your right to payment under any guarantee will be: • effectively junior to the rights of secured creditors to the extent of the value of their security in the guarantors’ assets; • equal with the rights of creditors under the guarantors’ other unsecured unsubordinated debt, including guarantees of our existing homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility; and • senior to the rights of creditors under any of the guarantors’ future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees. The notes will be structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2025, D.R. Horton, Inc. and the guarantors had approximately $3,148.5 million of debt outstanding. Of this debt, $18.6 million was secured debt and $3,129.9 million was unsubordinated unsecured debt that will rank equally with the notes being offered by this prospectus supplement. In addition, at March 31, 2025, we had unused commitments of $2.02 billion available to be borrowed under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2025, Forestar, DRH Rental, Inc. (“DRH Rental”), our subsidiary that conducts our multi-family and single-family rental operations, and our other non-guarantor subsidiaries had approximately $3,369.9 million of debt outstanding. In addition, at such date, Forestar had unused commitments of $617.7 million available to be borrowed under the Forestar revolving credit facility, and DRH Rental had no available capacity under its revolving credit facility (the “rental revolving credit facility”). As of March 31, 2025, DHI Mortgage, our mortgage subsidiary, had an obligation of $1,364.9 million under the committed mortgage repurchase facility at a 6.0% annual interest rate and an obligation of $82.5 million under the uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility at a 5.6% annual interest rate. S-4 Table of Contents Form and Denomination The notes will be represented by one or more global notes. The global notes will be deposited with the trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, or DTC. Ownership of beneficial interests in the global notes will be shown on, and transfers of such interests will be effected only through, records maintained in book-entry form by DTC and its direct and indirect participants, including the depositaries for Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System. The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000. Certain Covenants We will issue the notes under an indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019, as supplemented by a separate supplemental indenture, to be entered into on the date of issuance of the notes offered hereby. We refer to the indenture, as supplemented, as the “indenture.” The indenture, among other things, restricts our ability and the ability of the guarantors to: • incur debt secured by certain assets; • engage in sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain assets; and • engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications, which are described in the section “Description of Notes—Certain Covenants.” Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Downgrade Event (each as defined in “Description of Notes”), subject to certain exceptions, we will make an offer to each holder to purchase all or any part of that holder’s notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. See “Description of Notes—Certain Covenants—Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event.” United States Federal Income Tax Consequences For certain United States federal income tax consequences of the acquisition and disposition of the notes, see “Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.” Absence of Public Trading Market The notes will be a new issue of securities for which there is currently no market. We do not intend to apply for the notes to be listed on any securities exchange or to arrange for any quotation system to quote them. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a liquid market for the notes will develop or be maintained. See “Risk Factors.” S-5 Table of Contents Use of Proceeds The net proceeds from this offering of notes will be approximately $ million after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceed

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]