424B5 1 d774002d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-264153 This preliminary prospectus supplement relates to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 but is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JUNE 10, 2024 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated April 6, 2022) $ Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 notes” and, together with the 20 notes, the “notes”). The 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum and the 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum. We will pay interest on the notes semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2024. The 20 notes will mature on , 20 , and the 20 notes will mature on , 20 . We may redeem the notes of each series in whole at any time or in part from time to time at the applicable redemption prices described under the heading “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption” in this prospectus supplement. Upon the occurrence of a “change of control repurchase event,” as defined under “Description of Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event,” each holder will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any part of that holder’s notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all our other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. There is no sinking fund for the notes. The notes are not, and are not expected to be, listed on any securities exchange or on any automated quotation system. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” on page S-iii and the risks described under the heading “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our periodic reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission before investing in the notes. Price to Public(1) Underwriting Discounts Proceeds to Us (Before Expenses)(1) Per 20 note % % % 20 note total $ $ $ Per 20 note % % % 20 note total $ $ $ Total $ $ $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from June , 2024, if settlement occurs after that date. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to which it relates is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes on or about June , 2024 only in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream Banking S.A. Lead Bookrunners J.P. Morgan Wells Fargo Securities The date of this prospectus supplement is June , 2024. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page About This Prospectus Supplement S-ii Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements S-iii Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-6 Use of Proceeds S-11 Capitalization S-12 Description of Notes S-13 Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations S-31 Underwriting S-36 Legal Matters S-41 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm S-41 Where You Can Find Additional Information S-42 Incorporation by Reference S-42 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS ii CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS iii THE COMPANY 1 RISK FACTORS 2 USE OF PROCEEDS 3 DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES 3 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 4 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 7 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 17 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION AND INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE . 19 LEGAL MATTERS 20 EXPERTS 20 S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document consists of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of the notes we are offering and other matters relating to us. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information about the securities we may offer from time to time, some of which may not apply to this offering of notes. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using the SEC’s shelf registration rules. You should read both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference and the additional information described under the headings “Where You Can Find Additional Information” in this prospectus supplement and “Where You Can Find More Information and Information Incorporated by Reference” in the accompanying prospectus before making an investment decision. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the information contained in the accompanying prospectus, on the other hand, the information contained in this prospectus supplement shall control. If any statement in this prospectus supplement conflicts with any statement in a document that has been incorporated herein by reference, then you should consider only the statement in the more recent document. You should assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference is accurate only as of their respective dates. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any person to provide you with any information or to make any representation other than as contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have referred you and the information incorporated by reference in such documents. We and the underwriters do not take any responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any information that others may provide you. The information appearing or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have referred you is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any such free writing prospectus or the date of the document in which incorporated information appears unless otherwise noted in such documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus supplement to “Take-Two,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and its subsidiaries. References to “securities” include any security that we might offer under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. References to “$” and “dollars” are to United States dollars. References to “GAAP” are to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Some of the market and industry data contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement are based on independent industry publications or other publicly available information, while other information is based on internal studies. Although we believe that these independent sources and our internal data are reliable as of their respective dates, the information contained in them has not been independently verified. As a result, you should be aware that the market and industry data contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, and beliefs and estimates based on such data, may not be reliable. The distribution of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have referred you and the offering of the notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of the notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Persons who come into possession of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have referred you should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any such free writing prospectus do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. S-ii Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements. The statements contained herein and therein, which are not historical facts, including statements relating to our outlook, are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws and may be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” or words of similar meaning and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the outlook for our future business and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to them, which are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual outcomes and results may vary materially from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks relating to our combination with Zynga Inc. (“Zynga”) (the “Zynga Acquisition”); the risks of conducting business internationally, including as a result of unforeseen geopolitical events; the impact of changes in interest rates by the Federal Reserve and other central banks, including on our short-term investment portfolio; the impact of inflation; volatility in foreign currency exchange rates; our dependence on key management and product development personnel; our dependence on our NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto products and our ability to develop other hit titles; our ability to leverage opportunities on PlayStation ® 5 and Xbox Series X|S; factors affecting our mobile business, such as player acquisition costs; the timely release and significant market acceptance of our games; the ability to maintain acceptable pricing levels on our games; and other risks included or incorporated by reference herein, including but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-6 and contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 and our other subsequently filed periodic filings with the SEC, which can be accessed at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. S-iii Table of Contents SUMMARY The information below is a summary of the more detailed information included elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. You should read carefully the following summary together with the more detailed information contained in this prospectus supplement, including the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein and therein, including the “Risk Factors” sections in our periodic reports that we file with the SEC. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information you should consider before purchasing the notes. Our Company We are a leading developer, publisher, and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. We develop, operate, and publish products principally through Rockstar Games, 2K, Private Division, and Zynga. Our products are currently designed for console gaming systems, including, but not limited to, the Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. PlayStation ® 4 and PlayStation5, Microsoft Corporation Xbox One ® and Xbox Series X|S, and Nintendo’s SwitchTM, as well as personal computers, and mobile, including, smartphones and tablets. We deliver our products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming services. Our strategy is to be the most creative, innovative, and efficient company in the evolving interactive entertainment industry. With our diverse portfolio that spans all key platforms and numerous genres, we strive to create the highest quality, most engaging interactive entertainment franchises and captivate our global audience. Most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. We have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware and mobile platforms in a wide range of genres, including action, adventure, family/casual, hyper-casual, role-playing, shooter, social casino, sports, and strategy, which we distribute worldwide. We believe that our player-first mentality and commitment to creativity and innovation are distinguishing strengths, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique gameplay experiences for consumers. We have created, acquired, or licensed a group of highly recognizable brands to match the broad consumer demographics that we serve, ranging from adults to children and game enthusiasts to casual gamers. Another cornerstone of our strategy is to support the success of our products in the marketplace through innovative marketing programs and global distribution on platforms and through channels that are relevant to our target audience. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1993 and are headquartered at 110 West 44th Street, New York, New York 10036. Our telephone number is (646) 536-2842 and our website address is www.take2games.com. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this prospectus. S-1 Table of Contents Recent Developments Repayment of Indebtedness As of June 1, 2024 (the maturity date), we repaid in full the remaining $24.6 million aggregate principal amount of the 0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the “2024 Convertible Notes”), which we had assumed on May 23, 2022 in connection with the Zynga Acquisition. See “Capitalization.” Credit Agreement Amendment On June 6, 2024, we amended our Credit Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, in order to increase the maximum leverage ratio thresholds applicable to our financial covenant, which is measured on a quarterly basis. The maximum leverage ratio thresholds are now as follows: for fiscal quarters ending prior to June 30, 2024, 3.75:1.00; for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, 4.75:1.00; for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, 5.75:1.00; for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, 5.50:1.00; for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2025, 4.25:1.00; for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025, 4.00:1.00; and for the fiscal quarters ending on or after December 31, 2025, 3.75:1.00. S-2 Table of Contents The Offering The summary below describes the principal terms of the notes. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. A more detailed description of the terms and conditions of the notes is contained under the heading “Description of Notes” in this prospectus supplement and under the heading “Description of the Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. As used in this section, “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and not to its consolidated subsidiaries. Issuer Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Notes Offered $ aggregate principal amount of notes, consisting of: • $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 ; and • $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . Maturity Dates The 20 notes will mature on , 20 and the 20 notes will mature on , 20 , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. Interest Rate The 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum and the 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum. Interest Payment Dates Interest on the notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on each and , beginning on , 2024. Ranking The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all our other existing and future unsubordinated obligations, including our 3.550% Senior Notes due 2025, 5.000% Senior Notes due 2026, 3.700% Senior Notes due 2027, 4.950% Senior Notes due 2028 and 4.000% Senior Notes due 2032 (collectively, the “Outstanding Notes”), our guarantees of Zynga’s 2024 Convertible Notes (which matured on June 1, 2024 and are no longer outstanding) and 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Zynga Convertible Notes”), and any indebtedness we may incur from time to time under the revolving credit facility under our unsecured credit agreement (the “2022 Credit Agreement”). The notes will be effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and liabilities of our subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2024, we had $3.1 billion of indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding (including our Outstanding Notes and our guarantees of the Zynga Convertible Notes) and $2.3 million face amount of letters of credit outstanding, none of which was secured. As of March 31, 2024, our subsidiaries had $50.5 million of indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding (representing the Zynga Convertible Notes) and $1.9 billion of other liabilities (including trade payables, but excluding intercompany obligations, deferred revenue and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation of such subsidiary) to which the notes would have been structurally subordinated. As of S-3 Table of Contents March 31, 2024, after giving effect to this offering and the repayment in full of the 2024 Convertible Notes, we would have had approximately $ billion of outstanding indebtedness, none of which would have been secured indebtedness. See “Capitalization.” Optional Redemption We may redeem the notes of each series in whole at any time or in part from time to time at the applicable redemption prices described under the heading “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” Change of Control Repurchase Event Upon the occurrence of a “change of control repurchase event,” as defined under “Description of Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event,” each holder will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any part of that holder’s notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Certain Covenants The indenture governing the notes will contain covenants limiting our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: • create certain liens; • enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and • consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets to, another person. However, each of these covenants will be subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions. You should read “Description of Notes—Certain Covenants” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of the Debt Securities—Covenants” and “Description of the Debt Securities—Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of these covenants. Exceptions to these covenants will allow us and our subsidiaries to incur liens with respect to certain of our assets. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of the $600.0 million principal amount of our 3.550% Senior Notes due 2025 at or prior to maturity. See “Use of Proceeds.” Denominations The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Form of Notes We will issue the notes in the form of one or more fully registered global notes registered in the name of the nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Investors may elect to hold the interests in the global notes through any of DTC, the Euroclear System or Clearstream Banking, S.A., as described under “Description of Notes—Book-Entry; Delivery and Form; Global Notes” and “Description of Notes—Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg” in this prospectus supplement. Further Issuances We may, without the consent of existing holders, create and issue additional notes of any series having the same terms as, and ranking equally with, the notes of the corresponding series (except for the S-4 Table of Contents issue date and, if applicable, the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such additional notes and the first payment of interest following the issue date of such additional notes). Such additional notes may be consolidated and form a single series with the notes of the corresponding series; provided that if the additional notes are not fungible with the outstanding notes of the applicable series offered hereby for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such additional notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. No Listing; Trading Market We do not intend to list the notes on any securities exchange or automated quotation system. The notes will be new securities for which there currently is no public market. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes—There may not be active trading markets for the notes” and “Underwriting—New Issue of Notes” in this prospectus supplement. U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations You should consult your tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal, state and local and foreign tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of the notes. See “Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations” in this prospectus supplement. Trustee The Bank of New York Mellon. Governing Law New York law will govern the indenture and the notes. Risk Factors You should consider carefully all the information set forth and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and, in particular, you should evaluate the specific factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our periodic reports that we file with the SEC, as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have referred you, before investing in any of the notes offered hereby. S-5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in the notes involves certain risks. In addition to the other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should carefully consider the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, which is incorporated by reference herein, as those risk factors are amended or supplemented by the other reports and documents we file with the SEC after the date of this prospectus supplement, and the following discussion of risks, before deciding whether an investment in the notes is suitable for you. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Risks Related to the Notes The notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The notes are our obligations exclusively and not the obligations of any of our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due under the notes or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans or other payments. In addition, the indenture governing the notes will not restrict our subsidiaries from incurring unsecured indebtedness. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) of our subsidiaries will have priority with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the notes). Consequently, the notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish. As of March 31, 2024, our subsidiaries had $50.5 million of indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding (representing the Zynga Convertible Notes) and $1.9 billion of other liabilities (including trade payables, but excluding intercompany obligations, deferred revenue and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as in effect in the jurisdiction of incorporation of such subsidiary). The notes are subject to prior claims of any secured creditors, and if a default occurs, we may not have sufficient funds to fulfill our obligations under the notes. The notes are our unsecured general obligations, ranking equally with all our other senior unsecured indebtedness, including our Outstanding Notes, our guarantees of the Zynga Convertible Notes and any indebtedness we may incur from time to time under our revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The indenture governing the notes will permit us and our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. If we incur any secured indebtedness, our assets will be subject to prior claims by our secured creditors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or other winding up, assets that secure indebtedness will be available to pay obligations on the notes only after all indebtedness secured by those assets has been repaid in full. Holders of the notes will participate in our remaining assets ratably with all of our unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, including our trade creditors. If we incur any additional obligations that rank equally with the notes, including trade payables, the holders of those obligations will be entitled to share ratably with the holders of the notes in any proceeds distributed upon our insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up. This may have the effect of reducing the amount of proceeds paid to you. If there are not sufficient assets remaining to pay all these creditors, all or a portion of the notes then outstanding would remain unpaid. S-6 Table of Contents We have $3.1 billion aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Notes and a $750.0 million revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement, and may incur other indebtedness in the future, including the notes being offered hereby, all of which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. As the notes mature, we will have to expend significant resources to either repay or refinance such notes. If we decide to refinance the notes, we may be required to do so on different or less favorable terms or we may be unable to refinance such notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have $3.1 billion aggregate principal amount of our Outstanding Notes and a $750.0 million revolving credit facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement. As of March 31, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement. Our current or future levels of indebtedness may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things: • increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; • requiring the dedication of a greater than expected portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions; and •

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]