424B5 1 d814781d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-277989 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale is not permitted SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED AUGUST 1, 2024 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated March 15, 2024) $ Crown Castle Inc. $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 (“20 notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 (“20 notes” and, together with the 20 notes, “notes”). The 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per year and the 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per year, each payable on and of each year, beginning on , 20 . The 20 notes will mature on , 20 and the 20 notes will mature on , 20 . We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the CP Program (as defined in “Capitalization”) and pay related fees and expenses. See “Use of Proceeds.” At our option, we may redeem some or all of the notes of a series at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity at the specified redemption price for such series described under “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” If we experience specific kinds of changes in control, we must offer to repurchase the notes. See “Description of Notes—Repurchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.” The notes will be senior unsecured obligations of Crown Castle Inc. (“CCI”) and will rank equally with all of CCI’s existing and future senior indebtedness, including CCI’s obligations under the Credit Facility (as defined in “Capitalization”), the CP Program and CCI’s existing bonds, and senior to all of CCI’s future subordinated indebtedness. The notes will effectively rank junior to all of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries will not be guarantors of the notes. For a more detailed description of the notes, see “Description of Notes,” beginning on page S-18 of this prospectus supplement. We do not intend to apply for listing of the notes on any securities exchange or for inclusion of the notes in any automated quotation system. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement, page 4 of the accompanying prospectus and page 12 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by reports and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission that are incorporated by reference herein. Per 20 note Total 20 notes Per 20 note Total 20 notes Price to the public (1) % $ % $ Underwriting discounts % $ % $ Proceeds to Crown Castle Inc. (before expenses) (1) % $ % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2024. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System, against payment on or about , 2024. Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities BNP PARIBAS MUFG PNC Capital Markets LLC RBC Capital Markets Truist Securities Prospectus Supplement dated , 2024 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-1 CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-1 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY S-3 THE OFFERING S-5 RISK FACTORS S-8 USE OF PROCEEDS S-15 CAPITALIZATION S-16 DESCRIPTION OF NOTES S-18 MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-36 UNDERWRITING S-40 VALIDITY OF THE NOTES S-45 EXPERTS S-45 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-46 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 THE COMPANY 3 RISK FACTORS 4 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 5 SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS 6 USE OF PROCEEDS 7 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 8 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 20 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 28 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 29 LEGAL MATTERS 31 EXPERTS 32 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 32 S-i Table of Contents You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with additional or different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf is accurate only as of the date of such document, as applicable, and that any information we have incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference or any such earlier date as may be specified for such information. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since these dates. S-ii Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the terms “Crown Castle,” “we,” “our,” “the Company” and “us” refer to Crown Castle Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The term “CCI” refers to Crown Castle Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. As used herein, the term “including,” and any variation thereof, means “including without limitation.” Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the word “or” herein is not exclusive. This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and certain other matters. The second part, the accompanying prospectus, gives more general information about us and our debt securities and capital stock. Generally, when we refer to “this prospectus,” we are referring to both parts of this document combined. To the extent information in this prospectus supplement conflicts with information in the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. We expect to deliver the notes against payment for the notes on the business day following the pricing of the notes (“T+ ”) . Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade notes prior to the business day before delivery of the notes hereunder will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle T+ , to specify alternative settlement arrangements at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement include certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities for existing products, plans and objectives of management, markets for our stock and other matters that are based on our management’s expectations as of the filing date of this prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Statements contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement that are not historical facts are hereby identified as “forward-looking statements” for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”). In addition, words such as “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “likely,” “predicted,” “positioned,” “continue,” “target,” “seek,” “focus” and any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include our full year 2024 outlook and our plans, projections, expectations and estimates regarding (1) the value of our business model and the demand for our communications infrastructure, (2) the growth potential of the U.S. market for shared communications infrastructure, (3) growth in the communications infrastructure industry, (4) demand for data and factors driving such demand, (5) the duration of our construction projects, (6) tenants’ investment in wireless networks, (7) use of high-bandwidth applications, (8) our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants, (9) the level of commitment under our debt instruments, (10) our ability to remain qualified as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), (11) site rental revenues, including the growth thereof, (12) sources and uses of liquidity, (13) impact from certain canceled Sprint leases as a result of the T-Mobile US, Inc. and Sprint network consolidation, (14) drivers of cash flow growth, (15) our competitive advantage, (16) our dividends, including timing, amount, payment or tax characterization, (17) the timing of small cell deployments, (18) discretionary and sustaining capital expenditures and expansion of our business, (19) impact of elevated interest rates, (20) the growth in our business and its driving factors, (21) non-renewals, (22) restructuring activities and the cost reductions, charges, scope, actions and savings associated therewith, including timing, amounts and impact, (23) Fiber segment strategic and operating review, and (24) expectations regarding the expenses and timing S-1 Table of Contents related to this offering and the net proceeds from this offering and the use thereof. All future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors. Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions and other important factors, including those set forth in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements include those factors described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement, page 4 of the accompanying prospectus and page 12 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents we file with the SEC that are incorporated by reference herein. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus supplement or the date of the other documents incorporated by reference herein. You also should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the risk factors as listed in our filings with the SEC should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. S-2 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information from this prospectus supplement and may not contain all the information that may be important to you. Accordingly, you should read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf we may provide to you in connection with this offering and the documents incorporated and deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and therein, including the financial data and related notes, before making an investment decision. You may obtain a copy of the documents incorporated by reference by following the instructions in the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information” in this prospectus supplement. You should pay special attention to the “Risk Factors” sections of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents we file with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, to determine whether an investment in the notes is appropriate for you. The Business We own, operate and lease shared communications infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., including, as of June 30, 2024, (1) more than 40,000 towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, “towers”), (2) approximately 115,000 small cells on air or under contract and (3) approximately 90,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cells and fiber solutions. We refer to our towers, small cells and fiber assets collectively as “communications infrastructure,” and to our customers on our communications infrastructure as “tenants.” Our operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Fiber, which includes both small cells and fiber solutions. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, our largest tenants were T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless, which collectively accounted for approximately three-fourths of our consolidated site rental revenues. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our shared communications infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including lease, license, sublease and service agreements (collectively, “tenant contracts”). We seek to increase our site rental revenues by adding more tenants on our shared communications infrastructure, which we expect to result in significant incremental cash flows due to our low incremental operating costs. Site rental revenues represented 97% of our consolidated net revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2024. As of June 30, 2024, approximately 56% and 71% of our towers were located in the 50 and 100 largest U.S. basic trading areas (“BTAs”), respectively. Our towers have a significant presence in each of the top 100 BTAs. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, we derived approximately 40% of our towers site rental gross margin from towers located on land that we own, including through fee interests and perpetual easements, and we derived approximately 60% of our towers site rental gross margin from towers located on land that we lease, sublease, manage or license. The majority of our small cells and fiber assets are located in major metropolitan areas, including a presence within every major U.S. market. The vast majority of our fiber assets are located on public rights-of-way. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive communications infrastructure solutions, as an ancillary business, we also offer certain services primarily relating to our Towers segment. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, such services predominately consisted of (1) site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations, including: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations (collectively, “installation services”). In connection with the Company’s restructuring plan announced in July 2023, the Company has discontinued installation services as a Towers product offering. S-3 Table of Contents Our principal executive offices are located at 8020 Katy Freeway, Houston, Texas 77024, and our telephone number is (713) 570-3000. We maintain a website at www.crowncastle.com. Except as expressly stated herein, no information contained in or that can be accessed through our website is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, and no such information should be considered a part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. S-4 Table of Contents THE OFFERING The summary below describes the principal terms of the notes and may not contain all of the information that may be important to you. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The “Description of Notes” section of this prospectus supplement contains a more detailed description of the terms and conditions of the notes. You should read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf we may provide to you in connection with this offering and the documents incorporated and deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and therein before making an investment decision. As used in this section, “CCI,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer only to Crown Castle Inc. and not to its consolidated subsidiaries. Issuer Crown Castle Inc., a Delaware corporation. Guarantees None. Securities Offered $ principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . $ principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . Maturity 20 notes: , 20 . 20 notes: , 20 . Interest Rate and Payment Dates The 20 notes will have an interest rate of % per annum and the 20 notes will have an interest rate of % per annum, each payable in cash on and of each year, commencing on , 20 . Optional Redemption At our option, we may redeem some or all of the notes of a series at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity. If we elect to redeem the 20 notes prior to , 20 (the date that is months prior to their maturity date), or the 20 notes prior to , 20 (the date that is months prior to their maturity date), we will pay the applicable redemption price described under “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption” for the notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. If we elect to redeem the 20 notes on or after , 20 (the date that is months prior to their maturity date), or the 20 notes on or after , 20 (the date that is months prior to their maturity date), we will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” Ranking The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all of our existing and future senior indebtedness, including our obligations under the Credit Facility, the CP Program and our existing bonds, and senior to all of our future subordinated indebtedness. The notes will effectively rank junior to all of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Substantially all of our significant assets are the capital stock of our subsidiaries and the notes will not be guaranteed S-5 Table of Contents by our subsidiaries. As a result, the notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries, including indebtedness of such subsidiaries. After giving effect to this offering and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in “Use of Proceeds,” as of June 30, 2024, we would have had a total of approximately $ billion of outstanding indebtedness, all of which would have been unsecured, and our subsidiaries would have had a total of approximately $1.8 billion of outstanding indebtedness, all of which would have been secured. As of July 30, 2024, we had a total of $7.0 billion of unused borrowing availability under the Revolver (as defined in “Capitalization”) and approximately $0.7 billion of unused availability under the CP Program. Mandatory Offer to Repurchase Following a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in “Description of Notes”), we must offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of any notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of purchase. See “Description of Notes—Repurchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.” Certain Covenants We will issue the notes under an indenture with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. The terms of the notes, among other things, will restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur certain liens and merge with or into other companies. The covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications. For more details, see “Description of Notes—Certain Covenants.” Trading and Listing The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. The notes are new issues of securities for which there is currently no public trading market. Although certain of the underwriters have informed us that they intend to make a market in the notes, they are not obligated to do so, and any such market making may be discontinued at any time without notice. There is no assurance that a liquid market for the notes will develop or be maintained. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Notes and Our Debt Structure—There is no public market for the notes, a market may not develop and you may have to hold your notes to maturity.” Use of Proceeds We expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $ from the sale of the notes to the underwriters, after deducting the underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the CP Program and pay related fees and expenses. See “Use of Proceeds.” S-6 Table of Contents Risk Factors See the “Risk Factors” sections beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement, page 4 of the accompanying prospectus and page 12 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents we file with the SEC that are incorporated by reference herein, for a discussion of factors to which you should refer and carefully consider prior to making an investment in the notes. S-7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in the notes involves risks. Before purchasing any notes, you should carefully consider the specific factors discussed below, together with all the other information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf we may provide to you in connection with this offering and the documents incorporated and deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and therein. For a further discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business, please see the discussion under the caption “Risk Factors” included in the accompanying prospectus and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by our annual, quarterly and other reports and documents we file with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In such a case, you may lose all or part of your investment in the notes. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry • Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). • A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. • The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. • Our Fiber segment has expanded, and the Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. • Our review of potential strategic alternatives may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or the outcome could adversely affect our business. There is no guarantee that any transaction resulting from the strategic review will ultimately benefit our shareholders. • Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. • New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. • If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. • Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. • If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. S-8 Table of Contents • Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. • Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. • As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. • New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. • Our focus on and disclosure of our environmental, social and governance position, metrics, strategy, goals and initiatives expose us to potential litigation and other adverse effects to our business. • Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. • Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. • Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. • Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Equity • Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet our debt payment obligations. • Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. • Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Relating to Corporate Compliance • If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Status • Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. S-9 Table of Contents • Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]