424B5 1 d768118d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-277241 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated April 24, 2025) €2,175,000,000 Fiserv Funding Unlimited Company €750,000,000 2.875% Senior Notes due 2028 €775,000,000 3.500% Senior Notes due 2032 €650,000,000 4.000% Senior Notes due 2036 Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by Fiserv, Inc. Fiserv Funding Unlimited Company, a private unlimited company with share capital incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Ireland (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Fiserv, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (the “Company”), is offering €750,000,000 principal amount of its 2.875% Senior Notes due 2028 (the “2028 notes”), €775,000,000 principal amount of its 3.500% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “2032 notes”) and €650,000,000 principal amount of its 4.000% Senior Notes due 2036 (the “2036 notes” and, together with the 2028 notes and the 2032 notes, the “notes”). The 2028 notes will mature on June 15, 2028, the 2032 notes will mature on June 15, 2032, and the 2036 notes will mature on June 15, 2036. The Issuer will pay interest on the notes annually in arrears on June 15 of each year, beginning on June 15, 2025. The notes will be issued in book-entry form only, in minimum denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company as more fully described in this prospectus supplement in “Description of the Notes—Guarantee.” The Issuer may, at its option, redeem each series of the notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the applicable redemption price described in this prospectus supplement in “Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption.” The Issuer may also redeem each series of the notes at its option, in whole but not in part, at the applicable redemption price described in this prospectus supplement if certain tax events occur as described in “Description of the Notes—Optional Tax Redemption.” The Issuer must offer to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event at the price described in this prospectus supplement in “Description of the Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.” We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of the Company’s commercial paper notes, the Company’s 3.850% senior notes due June 2025 and the Company’s 2.250% senior notes due July 2025. The offering and sale of each series of notes is not conditioned on the sale of any other series of notes. The notes will be the Issuer’s unsecured senior obligations and will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The Company’s guarantees will be the Company’s unsecured senior obligations and will rank equally with the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness from time to time outstanding. Each series of the notes is a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We currently intend to apply to list the notes on The New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). The listing application will be subject to approval by NYSE. If such listing is obtained, we have no obligation to maintain such listing for the notes and we may delist the notes, or list the notes on one or more other national securities exchanges, at any time. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement and the risk factors incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Price to Public (1) Underwriting Discounts Proceeds to the Issuer, Before Expenses Per 2028 note 99.925 % 0.350 % 99.575 % Per 2032 note 99.321 % 0.525 % 98.796 % Per 2036 note 98.981 % 0.575 % 98.406 % Total € 2,162,551,750 € 10,431,250 € 2,152,120,500 (1) Plus accrued interest if any, from May 7, 2025, if settlement occurs after that date. We expect to deliver the notes to investors in registered book-entry only form through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream” and, together with Euroclear, the “ICSDs” and each, an “ICSD”), on or about May 7, 2025. Upon issuance, the notes will be represented by one or more global notes in fully registered form (“global notes”), which are expected to be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and registered in the name of a nominee of the common depositary. Joint Book-Running Managers J.P. Morgan Citigroup MUFG Wells Fargo Securities BofA Securities PNC Capital Markets LLC TD Securities Truist Securities US Bancorp Deutsche Bank Co-Managers BMO Capital Markets Capital One Securities Mizuho NatWest Santander Scotiabank Fifth Third Securities Huntington Capital Markets KeyBanc Capital Markets Comerica Securities Siebert Williams Shank UniCredit WauBank Securities LLC The date of this prospectus supplement is April 29, 2025. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-ii WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-v FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-vi SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES S-vi SUMMARY S-1 RISK FACTORS S-9 ISSUANCE IN EURO S-19 USE OF PROCEEDS S-20 CAPITALIZATION S-21 DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES S-23 LIMITATIONS ON VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THE NOTES AND CERTAIN INSOLVENCY LAW CONSIDERATIONS S-45 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-48 IRISH TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-53 UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) S-56 VALIDITY OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEES S-63 EXPERTS S-63 PROSPECTUS Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 RISK FACTORS 3 FISERV, INC. 3 FISERV FUNDING UNLIMITED COMPANY 3 USE OF PROCEEDS 3 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES AND GUARANTEES OF DEBT SECURITIES 4 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 10 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 12 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 13 DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS 15 DESCRIPTION OF UNITS 16 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 17 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 18 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 21 LEGAL MATTERS 22 EXPERTS 22 S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document has two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. You should read the entire prospectus supplement, as well as the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference that are described under “Where You Can Find More Information” in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In the event that the description of the offering in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information contained in this prospectus supplement. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any other person to provide you with different or additional information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus filed by us with the SEC is accurate as of any date other than its respective date. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. References in this prospectus supplement to “$,” “dollars,” “USD” or “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. References to “€” or “euro” are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the euro as their currency. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, references in this prospectus supplement to “we,” “our,” “us” and “Fiserv” refer to Fiserv, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Issuer. IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, IN ITS ROLE AS STABILIZING MANAGER (THE “STABILIZING MANAGER”) FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT MAY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND DIRECTIVES, OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE STABILIZING MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILIZING MANAGER) WILL UNDERTAKE ANY STABILIZATION ACTION. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE FINAL TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE, AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT COMMENCED WILL BE CARRIED OUT IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and ECPs Only Target Market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. S-ii Table of Contents PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. UK MIFIR product governance / Professional Investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is only eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. UK PRIIPs Regulation/Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The communication of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes offered hereby is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the FSMA. Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to persons outside the United Kingdom and those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial Promotion Order”)), or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom, the notes offered hereby are only available to, and any investment or investment activity to which this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing S-iii Table of Contents prospectus or any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes offered hereby relates will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus or any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes offered hereby or any of their contents. S-iv Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We have also filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3, including exhibits, with respect to the notes offered by this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of the registration statement, but do not contain all of the information included in the registration statement or the exhibits. Our filings with the SEC are available to the public through the SEC’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. We are “incorporating by reference” specified documents that we file with the SEC, which means: • incorporated documents are considered part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus; • we are disclosing important information to you by referring you to those documents; and • information we file with the SEC after the date of this prospectus supplement will automatically update and supersede information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this prospectus supplement and before the end of the offering of the securities pursuant to this prospectus supplement: • our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024; • our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025; • our Current Reports on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 23, 2025 , March 17, 2025 and April 2, 2025 ; and • the information in the Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 annual meeting filed with the SEC on April 2, 2025 that is incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, documents or portions thereof containing information furnished under Items 2.02 and 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, including the related exhibits under Item 9.01, are not incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. You may request a copy of any of these filings, at no cost, by request directed to us at the following address or telephone number: Fiserv, Inc. 600 N. Vel R. Phillips Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203 (262) 879-5000 Attention: Secretary You can also find these filings on our website at www.fiserv.com. We are not incorporating the information on or accessible through our website other than these filings into this prospectus supplement. S-v Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus contain “forward-looking statements” intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those that express a plan, belief, expectation, estimation, anticipation, intent, contingency, future development, outlook, or similar expression, and can generally be identified as forward-looking because they include words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “could,” “should,” “confident,” “likely,” “plan,” or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus involve significant risks and uncertainties, and a number of factors, both foreseen and unforeseen, could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. The factors that may affect our results include, among others, the following: our ability to compete effectively against new and existing competitors and to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; changes in customer demand for our products and services; the ability of our technology to keep pace with a rapidly evolving marketplace; the success of our merchant alliances, some of which we do not control; the impact of a security breach or operational failure on our business, including disruptions caused by other participants in the global financial system; losses due to chargebacks, refunds or returns as a result of fraud or the failure of our vendors and merchants to satisfy their obligations; changes in local, regional, national and international economic or political conditions, including those resulting from heightened inflation, rising interest rates, taxes, trade policies and tariffs, a recession, bank failures, or intensified international hostilities, and the impact they may have on us and our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations and sales; the effect of proposed and enacted legislative and regulatory actions affecting us or the financial services industry as a whole; our ability to comply with government regulations and applicable card association and network rules; the protection and validity of intellectual property rights; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; our ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions, and to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the same; the impact of our growth strategies; our ability to attract and retain key personnel; adverse impacts from currency exchange rates or currency controls; changes in corporate tax and interest rates; and other factors identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus supplement or the date of the incorporated document. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this prospectus supplement. SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES The Issuer is organized under the laws of the Republic of Ireland. The Company is incorporated under the laws of Wisconsin. You may be unable to effect service of process within the United States on the directors, officers or executives of the Issuer. In addition, as assets of the Issuer, and the assets of certain of their directors, officers and other executives, are located outside of the United States, you may be unable to enforce judgments against them obtained in U.S. courts predicated on civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. The Issuer has agreed that it may be served with process with respect to actions based on offers and sales of securities made in the United States and other violations of federal securities laws of the United States by having Robert W. Hau, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, be its U.S. agent appointed for that purpose. Mr. Hau is located at 600 N. Vel R. Phillips Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203. S-vi Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should read this entire prospectus supplement, including the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the risk factors discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other information incorporated by reference carefully before making a decision to invest in our notes. Company Overview Fiserv We are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. The Company is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FI” and part of the S&P 500 Index. We serve clients around the globe, including merchants, banks, credit unions, other financial institutions, and corporate and public sector clients. We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world. Our purpose is to deliver superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation and excellence in everything we do. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team; integrating our solutions; delivering operational excellence; allocating capital in a disciplined manner, including share repurchase and merger and acquisition activity; and investing for organic growth through innovation. Our long-term focus is to meet our financial commitments; continue to build high-quality revenue; deepen client relationships with an emphasis on digital solutions and value-added services; deliver innovation and integration enabling differentiated value for our clients; and generate integration value, including cost and revenue synergies from acquisitions. In 2024, we had $20.5 billion in total revenue, $5.9 billion in operating income and $6.6 billion of net cash provided by operating activities, and in the three months ended March 31, 2025, we had $5.1 billion in total revenue, $1.4 billion in operating income and $648 million of net cash provided by operating activities. Processing and services revenue, which represented 81% of our total revenue in 2024 and 79% of our total revenue in the three months ended March 31, 2025, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under multi-year contracts that generally have high renewal rates. We serve our global client base by working among our geographic teams across various regions, including the United States of America (“U.S.”) and Canada; Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; and Asia Pacific. We have grown our business organically and through acquisitions, by signing new clients, expanding the products and services we provide to existing clients, offering new and enhanced products and services developed through innovation and acquisition, and extending our capabilities geographically, all of which have enabled us to deliver a wide range of integrated products and services and created new opportunities for growth. Our operations are comprised of the Merchant Solutions (“Merchant”) segment and the Financial Solutions (“Financial”) segment. Our headquarters are located at 600 N. Vel R. Phillips Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203, and our telephone number is (262) 879-5000. S-1 Table of Contents Merchant The businesses in our Merchant segment provide commerce-enabling products and services to companies of all sizes around the world. These products and services include merchant acquiring and digital commerce services; mobile payment services; security and fraud protection solutions; stored-value solutions; software-as-a-service; point-of sale devices; and pay-by-bank solutions. The businesses within our Merchant segment consist of the following: • Small Business , which provides products and services to small businesses and independent software vendors (“ISV”), including Clover ® , our point-of-sale and business management platform for small business clients; • Enterprise , which provides products and services to large businesses, including our integrated omnichannel operating system for enterprise clients; and • Processing , which provides products and services to financial institutions, joint ventures, and other third party resellers which have direct relationships with merchants. We distribute the products and services in the Merchant segment businesses through a variety of channels, including direct sales teams, strategic partnerships with agent sales forces, ISVs, financial institutions and other strategic partners in the form of joint venture alliances, revenue sharing alliances and referral agreements. Financial The businesses in our Financial segment provide products and services to financial institution, corporate and public sector clients

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]