424B5 1 d848247d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents The information in this prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-281830 Subject to Completion, dated February 13, 2025 Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated August 28, 2024 SYSCO CORPORATION $ % Senior Notes due $ % Senior Notes due Sysco Corporation (“Sysco”) is offering $ aggregate principal amount of its % Senior Notes due (the “ notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of its % Senior Notes due (the “ notes” and, together with the notes, the “notes”). Sysco will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each series of notes on and of each year beginning on , 2025. Sysco has the option to redeem some or all of the notes at any time as described under the heading “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption” in this prospectus supplement. Upon a change of control repurchase event with respect to either or both series of notes, Sysco will be required to make an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding notes of the applicable series at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date. See “Description of Notes—Change of Control Repurchase Event.” The notes will be our general unsecured senior obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of Sysco’s other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and will be structurally subordinated to the indebtedness of our subsidiaries. The notes initially will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Sysco’s direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee Sysco’s other senior notes issued under the indenture governing the notes or any of Sysco’s other indebtedness. Subsidiaries acquired or created in the future may or may not become guarantors, but any domestic subsidiary that guarantees Sysco’s other senior notes or other indebtedness must also guarantee the notes. The subsidiary guarantees will be unsecured obligations of the respective subsidiary guarantors and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness of the respective subsidiary guarantors. Each series of notes is a new issue of securities with no established trading market. The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or included in any automated quotation system. Investing in the notes involves risk. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement and the “Risk Factors” section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 29, 2024 to read about important factors you should consider before buying the notes. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or determined that this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Public Offering Price Underwriting Discount Proceeds, Before Expenses, to Sysco Per Note Total Per Note Total Per Note Total % Senior Notes due % $ % $ % $ % Senior Notes due % $ % $ % $ Total $ $ $ The public offering prices set forth above do not include accrued interest, if any. Interest on the notes of each series will accrue from , 2025 and must be paid by the purchasers if the notes are delivered after , 2025. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its direct and indirect participants, including Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, against payment in New York, New York on , 2025. Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan TD Securities Wells Fargo Securities Prospectus Supplement dated , 2025 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS S-ii WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-iii SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-iv PROSPECTUS SUMMARY S-1 RISK FACTORS S-6 USE OF PROCEEDS S-10 CAPITALIZATION S-11 DESCRIPTION OF NOTES S-12 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-23 UNDERWRITING S-28 LEGAL MATTERS S-34 EXPERTS S-34 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 2 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 3 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4 SYSCO CORPORATION 8 RISK FACTORS 10 USE OF PROCEEDS 11 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 12 DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK 16 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES AND GUARANTEES 19 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 34 LEGAL MATTERS 37 EXPERTS 38 S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of the notes we are offering and other matters relating to us. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which gives more general information about securities we may offer from time to time, some of which does not apply to the notes we are offering. If information in the prospectus supplement differs from information in the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. When used in this prospectus supplement, unless otherwise indicated, the term “prospectus” refers to this prospectus supplement together with the accompanying prospectus. Before investing in the notes, you should read carefully both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” below. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations, other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectuses filed by us with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus or any document incorporated by reference herein or therein is accurate as of any date other than their respective dates. You should not consider any information in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to be investment, legal or tax advice. You should consult your own counsel, accountant and other advisors for legal, tax, business, financial and related advice regarding the purchase of the notes. We are not making any representation to you regarding the legality of an investment in the notes by you under applicable investment or similar laws. We are not making an offer to sell the notes and are not soliciting an offer to buy the notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. We expect delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on or about , 2025, which is the seventh business day following the date of pricing of the notes (such settlement being referred to as “T+7”). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes more than one business day prior to the scheduled settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+7, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement and should consult their own advisers. S-ii Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION Sysco files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Sysco’s SEC filings made via the EDGAR system, including periodic and current reports, proxy statements and other information regarding Sysco, are available to the public at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, and on Sysco’s website, http://www.sysco.com. The information contained on or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated in, and is not part of, this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. We have filed with the SEC an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as a “well-known seasoned issuer” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) covering the securities described in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not contain all the information included in the registration statement, some of which is contained in exhibits included with or incorporated by reference into the registration statement. The registration statement, including the exhibits contained or incorporated by reference therein, can be accessed through the SEC’s website referred to above. Any statement made in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document is only a summary of the actual contract, agreement or other document. If we have filed or incorporated by reference any contract, agreement or other document as an exhibit to the registration statement, you should read the exhibit for a more complete understanding of the document or matter involved. Each statement regarding a contract, agreement or other document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual document. We incorporate by reference the following documents filed with the SEC by us and any future filings we make with the SEC after the date of this prospectus supplement under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, until we complete our offering of the securities offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We are not incorporating by reference any documents or portions thereof, whether specifically listed below or filed in the future, that are not deemed “filed” with the SEC (including any furnished information, any Compensation and Leadership Development Committee report, performance graph or information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or related exhibits furnished pursuant to Item 9.01 of Form 8-K), unless otherwise specified. • Sysco’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2024; • Sysco’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 28, 2024 and December 28, 2024 ; • Sysco’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on October 3, 2024; and • Sysco’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2024 , August 16, 2024 , and November 19, 2024 . Any statement contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or therein, or in any subsequently filed document, which also is incorporated by reference herein or therein, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. You may obtain a copy of these filings, excluding all exhibits, unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in a document incorporated by reference herein, at no cost, by writing or telephoning: Sysco Corporation Investor Relations 1390 Enclave Parkway Houston, Texas 77077-2099 Telephone: (281) 584-2615 S-iii Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements made in this prospectus that look forward in time or express management’s expectations or beliefs with respect to the occurrence of future events are forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” “projected,” “continues,” “continuously,” variations of such terms, and similar terms and phrases denoting anticipated or expected occurrences or results. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: • our expectations of an improving market over the course of fiscal 2025; • our expectations regarding the ability of our supply chain and facilities to remain in place and operational; • our plans regarding our transformation initiatives and the expected effects from such initiatives; • statements regarding uncollectible accounts, including that if collections continue to improve, additional reductions in bad debt expense could occur; • our expectations that our Recipe for Growth strategy will allow us to better serve our customers and differentiate Sysco from our competition; • our expectations regarding our fiscal 2025 sales and our rate of sales growth in fiscal 2025 and the three years of our long-range plan; • our expectations regarding the impact of inflation on sales, gross margin rates and gross profit dollars; • our expectations regarding gross margins in fiscal 2025; • our plans regarding cost savings, including our target for cost savings through fiscal 2025 and the impact of costs savings on the company; • our belief that our purpose will allow us to grow substantially faster than the foodservice distribution industry and deliver profitable growth through our Recipe for Growth transformation, and statements regarding our plans with respect to our strategic pillars that support this growth transformation; • our expectations regarding the use and investment of remaining cash generated from operations, including our expectations regarding the positive impact of our acquisitions; • the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the U.S. Retirement Plan; • the sufficiency of our available liquidity to sustain our operations for multiple years; • estimates regarding the outcome of legal proceedings; • the impact of seasonal trends on our free cash flow; • estimates regarding our capital expenditures and the sources of financing for our capital expenditures; • our expectations regarding the impact of potential acquisitions and sales of assets on our liquidity, borrowing capacity, leverage ratios and capital availability; • our expectations regarding real sales growth in the U.S. foodservice market and trends in produce markets; • our expectations regarding the calculation of adjusted return on invested capital, adjusted operating income, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share; • our expectations regarding the impact of future Certain Items (as defined in our periodic reports) on our projected future non-GAAP and GAAP results; S-iv Table of Contents • our expectations regarding our effective tax rate in fiscal 2025; • the sufficiency of our mechanisms for managing working capital and competitive pressures, and our beliefs regarding the impact of these mechanisms; • our ability to meet future cash requirements, including the ability to access financial markets effectively, including issuances of debt securities, and maintain sufficient liquidity; • our expectations regarding the payment of dividends, and the growth of our dividend, in the future; • our expectations regarding future activity under our share repurchase program; • future compliance with the covenants under our revolving credit facility; • our ability to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets; and • our intention to repay our long-term debt with cash on hand, cash flow from operations, issuances of commercial paper, issuances of senior notes, or a combination thereof. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and estimates; actual results may differ materially due in part to the risk factors within Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2024 and in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, the risk factors described under the caption “Risk Factors” on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement, and the risk factors set forth below: • the impact of geopolitical, economic and market conditions and developments, including the outcome of the U.S. presidential election; • the risk that if sales from our locally managed customers do not grow at the same rate as sales from multi-unit customers, our gross margins may decline; • periods of significant or prolonged inflation or deflation and their impact on our product costs and profitability generally; • the risk that we are unlikely to be able to predict inflation over the long term, and lower inflation is likely to produce lower gross profit; • the risk that our efforts to modify truck routing, including our small truck initiative, in order to reduce outbound transportation costs may be unsuccessful; • the risk that we may not be able to accelerate and/or identify additional administrative cost savings in order to compensate for any gross profit or supply chain cost leverage challenges; • risks related to unfavorable conditions in the Americas and Europe and the impact on our results of operations and financial condition; • the risks related to our efforts to implement our transformation initiatives and meet our other long-term strategic objectives, including the risk that these efforts may not provide the expected benefits in our anticipated time frame, if at all, and may prove costlier than expected; • the impact of unexpected future changes to our business initiatives based on management’s subjective evaluation of our overall business needs; • the risk that the actual costs of any business initiatives may be greater or less than currently expected; • the risk that competition in our industry and the impact of group purchasing organizations may adversely impact our margins and our ability to retain customers and make it difficult for us to maintain our market share, growth rate and profitability; • the risk that our relationships with long-term customers may be materially diminished or terminated; • the risk that changes in consumer eating habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations; S-v Table of Contents • the impact and effects of natural disasters or adverse weather conditions, such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton; • the impact and effects of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics and the adverse impact thereof on our business, financial condition and results of operations; • the risk that changes in applicable tax laws or regulations and the resolution of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results; • the risk that we may not be able to fully compensate for increases in fuel costs, and forward purchase commitments intended to contain fuel costs could result in above market fuel costs; • the risk of interruption of supplies and increase in product costs as a result of conditions beyond our control; • the potential impact on our reputation and earnings of adverse publicity or lack of confidence in our products; • risks related to unfavorable changes to the mix of locally managed customers versus corporate-managed customers; • the risk that we may not realize anticipated benefits from our operating cost reduction efforts; • difficulties in successfully expanding into international markets and complimentary lines of business; • the potential impact of product liability claims; • the risk that we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or government regulations; • risks related to our ability to effectively finance and integrate acquired businesses; • risks related to our access to borrowed funds in order to grow and any default by us under our indebtedness that could have a material adverse impact on cash flow and liquidity; • our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and liquidity position; • the risk that the implementation of various initiatives, the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending; • the risk that divestiture of one or more of our businesses may not provide the anticipated effects on our operations; • the risk that future labor disruptions or disputes could disrupt the integration of Brakes France and Davigel into Sysco France and our operations in France and the European Union generally; • the risk that factors beyond management’s control, including fluctuations in the stock market, as well as management’s future subjective evaluation of the company’s needs, would impact the timing of share repurchases; • due to our reliance on technology, any technology disruption or delay in implementing new technology could have a material negative impact on our business; • the risk of negative impacts to our business and our relationships with customers from a cybersecurity incident and/or other technology disruptions; • the potential requirement to pay material amounts under our multiemployer defined benefit pension plans; • our funding requirements for our company-sponsored qualified pension plan may increase should financial markets experience future declines; S-vi Table of Contents • labor issues, including the renegotiation of union contracts and shortage of qualified labor; • capital expenditures may vary based on changes in business plans and other factors, including risks related to the implementation of various initiatives, the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending; • the risk that the anti-takeover benefits provided by our preferred stock may not be viewed as beneficial to stockholders; and • the risk that the exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements included in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks of which we are not aware or which we currently do not believe to be material, may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. S-vii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. It does not contain all the information that you should consider before making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference for a more complete understanding of our business and the terms of the notes. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2024 for information regarding risks you should consider before investing in the notes. In addition, certain statements include forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Unless we indicate otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Sysco,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this prospectus supplement are to Sysco Corporation, together with its subsidiaries. The terms “ notes,” and “ notes” refer to the % Senior Notes due and the % Senior Notes due , respectively. The term “notes” refers to both series of notes, together. The Company Sysco Corporation, acting through its subsidiaries and divisions, is the largest global distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. Our purpose is “Connecting the World to Share Food and Care for One Another.” We provided products and related services to approximately 730,000 customer locations, including restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers during fiscal 2024. Founded in 1969, Sysco commenced operations as a public company in March 1970 when the stockholders of nine companies exchanged their stock for Sysco common stock. Since our formation, we have grown from $115 million to our all-time high of $78.8 billion in annual sales in fiscal 2024, both through internal expansion of existing operations and acquisitions. We distribute food and related products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers. Our primary operations are located in North America and Europe. Under the accounting provisions related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise, we have aggregated certain operating segments into three reportable segments. “Other” financial information is attributable to our other operating segments that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds. • U.S. Foodservice Operations – primarily includes (a) our U.S. Broadline operations, which distribute a full line of food products, including custom-cut meat, seafood, produce, specialty Italian, specialty imports and a wide variety of non-food products and (b) our U.S. Specialty operations, which include our FreshPoint fresh produce distribution business, our Specialty Meats and Seafood Group specialty protein operations, our growing Italian Specialty platform anchored by Greco and Sons, Inc., our Edward Don & Company restaurant equipment and supplies distribution business, our Asian specialty distribution company and a number of other small specialty businesses that are not material to our operations; • International Foodservice Operations – includes operations outside of the U.S., which distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products. The Americas primarily consists of operations in Canada, Bahamas, Costa Rica and Panama, as well as our export operations that distribute to international customers. Our European operations primarily consist of operations in the United Kingdom, France, Ireland and Sweden; S-1 Table of Contents • SYGMA – our U.S. customized distribution operations serving quick-service chain restaurant customer locations; and • Other – primarily our hotel supply operations, Guest Worldwide. Foodservice operating sites distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to both independent and chain restaurant customers, hospitals, schools, hotels, industrial caterers and other venues where foodservice products are served. SYGMA operating sites distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations. Sysco’s customers in the foodservice industry include restaurants, hospitals and skilled nursing facilities, schools and colleges, hotels and motels, industrial caterers and other similar venues where foodservice products are served. The products we distribute include: • frozen foods, such as meats, seafood, fully prepared entrées, fruits, vegetables and desserts; • canned and dry foods; • fresh meats and seafood; • dairy products; • beverage products; • imported specialties; and • fresh produce. We also supply a wide variety of non-food items, including: • paper products such as disposable napkins, plates and cups; • tableware such as glassware and silverware; • cookware such as pots, pans and utensils; • restaurant and kitchen equipment and supplies; and • cleaning supplies. Our distribution centers, which we refer to as operating sites, distribute branded merchandise, as well as products packaged under our private brands. Products packaged under our private brands have been manufactured for Sysco according to specifications that have been developed by our quality assurance team. In addition, our quality assurance team certifies the manufacturing and processing plants where these products are packaged, enforces our quality control standards and identifies supply sources that satisfy our requirements. Sysco’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to June 30th. This resulted in a 52-week year ended June 29, 2024 for fiscal 2024, a 52-week year ended July 1, 2023 for fiscal 2023, and a 52-week year ended July 2, 2022 for fiscal 2022. The company will have a 52-week year ending June 28, 2025 for fiscal 2025. We are a Delaware corporation, and our principal executive offices are located at 1390 Enclave Parkway, Houston, Texas 77077-2099. Our telephone number is (281) 584-1390. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol “SYY.” S-2 Table of Contents The Offering Issuer Sysco Corporation Notes Offered $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due ; and $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due . Interest Rate Interest will accrue on the notes from , 2025 at a rate of % per annum. Interest will accrue on the notes from , 2025 at a rate of % per annum. Interest Payment Dates Interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. Maturity The notes will mature on , . The notes will mature on , . Guarantees The notes initially will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee our other senior notes issued under

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]