424B5 1 ny20048743x3_424b5.htm 424B5 TABLE OF CONTENTS The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-275386 Subject to Completion, dated May 19, 2025 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated November 8, 2023) $ % Senior Notes due $ % Senior Notes due We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due , which we refer to in this prospectus supplement as the “ notes”, and $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due , which we refer to in this prospectus supplement as the “ notes”. We collectively refer to the notes and the notes as the “notes”. The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis by each of our current and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under our 2025 Credit Agreement (as defined herein) or any other debt of ours or any other guarantor. The notes will bear interest at % per year; and the notes will bear interest at % per year. We will pay interest on the notes on and of each year, beginning on , 20 , and on the notes on and of each year, beginning on , 20 . The notes will mature on , 20 , and the notes will mature on , 20 . Interest will accrue on the notes from , 2025. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of our outstanding 3.200% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) at maturity, which is scheduled to occur on June 15, 2025 (the “2025 Notes Repayment Date”) and the funding of a portion of the purchase price of our pending Inspection Technologies Acquisition (as defined herein) and related fees and expenses. See “Use of Proceeds”. We may redeem notes of any series at our option in whole or in part at any time at the applicable redemption prices and at the times indicated for each series set forth under “Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption”. We must offer to repurchase the notes of each series upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event at the price described in this prospectus supplement under “Description of the Notes—Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event”. The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior to our future subordinated indebtedness. The notes will be effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing that indebtedness and structurally subordinated to the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes. The guarantees of the notes will be the senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor, ranking equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of such guarantor. The guarantees of the notes will be effectively subordinated to existing and future secured indebtedness of such guarantor to the extent of the value of any assets securing that indebtedness and structurally subordinated to the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of subsidiaries of such guarantors that do not guarantee the notes. You should read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus carefully before you invest in our notes. Investing in our notes involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S- 8 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in the notes. Per Note Total Per Note Total Public offering price (1) % $ % $ Underwriting discount % $ % $ Proceeds (before expenses) to Wabtec (1) % $ % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2025, if settlement occurs after that date. The notes will not be listed or quoted on any securities exchange or automated quotation system. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme , and Euroclear Banking, S.A./N.V., on or about , 2025, which is the business day following the date of this prospectus supplement (T+ ). Purchasers of the notes should note that trading of the notes may be affected by this settlement date. See “Underwriting”. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or the guarantees or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Joint Book-Running Managers BNP PARIBAS BofA Securities HSBC J.P. Morgan , 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-ii WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-iii CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-v SUMMARY S-1 RISK FACTORS S-8 USE OF PROCEEDS S-14 CAPITALIZATION S-15 DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES S-17 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS S-31 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-33 UNDERWRITING S-38 LEGAL MATTERS S-44 EXPERTS S-44 Prospectus ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS i WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ii SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 USE OF PROCEEDS 5 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL SECURITIES 16 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES 18 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 19 LEGAL MATTERS 21 EXPERTS 21 S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes certain matters relating to us and this offering. The second part, the accompanying prospectus dated November 8, 2023, gives more general information about debt and other securities we may offer from time to time, some of which may not apply to the notes offered by this prospectus supplement. Additional information is incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. For information about the notes, see “Description of the Notes” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. We are responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in any related free-writing prospectus we prepare or authorize. We and the underwriters have not authorized anyone to give you any other information, and we and the underwriters take no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than their respective dates or the respective dates specified in such information, as applicable. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. Before you invest in the notes, you should carefully read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, which we have referred you to under “Where You Can Find More Information”. The shelf registration statement described in the accompanying prospectus, including the exhibits thereto, can be read at the SEC website as described under “Where You Can Find More Information”. If the information set forth in this prospectus supplement varies in any way from the information set forth in the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information contained in this prospectus supplement. If the information set forth in this prospectus supplement varies in any way from the information set forth in a document we have incorporated by reference, you should rely on the information in the more recent document. Unless indicated otherwise, or the context otherwise requires, references in this document to “Wabtec”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our” are to Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references to “dollars” and “$” are to United States dollars. Unless specifically indicated, the information presented in this prospectus supplement does not give effect to the Pending Acquisitions (as defined herein), which remain subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. See “Summary—Recent Developments—Recently Announced Acquisitions.” This prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus include registered trademarks, trade names and service marks of the Company. S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION Available Information We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. The SEC’s internet address is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and our reports and other information can be inspected at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005. Our internet website is www.wabteccorp.com. Information contained on our website or the SEC’s website is not part of, and should not be construed as being incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, unless such information is otherwise specifically incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus as set forth in “—Incorporation by Reference”. Incorporation by Reference The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to other documents. Any information we incorporate in this manner is considered part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus except to the extent updated and superseded by information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Information that we file with the SEC after the date of this prospectus supplement and until all of the securities covered by this prospectus supplement are sold will automatically update and supersede the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We incorporate by reference the following documents that we have filed with the SEC and any filings that we make with the SEC in the future under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), until we sell all of the securities covered by this prospectus supplement, including between the date of this prospectus supplement and the date on which the offering of the securities under this prospectus supplement is terminated, except as noted in the paragraph below: Our SEC Filings (File No. 33-90866) Period for or Date of Filing Annual Report on Form 10-K Year ended December 31, 2024 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarter ended March 31, 2025 Current Reports on Form 8-K January 14, 2025 (solely with respect to Item 8.01), April 25, 2025 , May 19, 2025 and May 19, 2025 The portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A that are deemed “filed” with the SEC under the Exchange Act April 3, 2025 Pursuant to General Instruction B of Form 8-K, any information submitted under Item 2.02, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, or Item 7.01, Regulation FD Disclosure, of Form 8-K, including any related exhibits under Item 9.01, is not deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and we are not subject to the liabilities of Section 18 with respect to information submitted under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, including any related exhibits under Item 9.01. We are not incorporating by reference any information submitted under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K or any related exhibits under Item 9.01 into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act or into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Statements contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus as to the contents of any contract, agreement or other document referred to in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus do not purport to be complete, and where reference is made to the particular provisions of that contract, agreement or other document, those references are qualified in all respects by reference to all of the provisions contained in that contract or other document. For a more complete understanding and description of each such contract, agreement or other document, we urge you to read the documents contained in the exhibits to the registration statement of which the accompanying prospectus is a part or the reports incorporated by reference herein, as applicable. S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Any statement contained in a document incorporated by reference, or deemed to be incorporated by reference, into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein, therein or in any other subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus modifies or supersedes that statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We will provide without charge, upon written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and a copy of any or all other contracts, agreements or documents which are referred to in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Requests should be directed to: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation, 30 Isabella Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212, Attention: Secretary; telephone number: (412) 825-1000. You also may review a copy of the registration statement and its exhibits through the SEC’s internet site. S-iv TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS You should carefully review the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference, statements that are not reported financial results or other historical information are “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on our management’s expectations that involve a number of business risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts. They use words such as “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “would”, “should”, “will”, “will likely result”, “forecast”, “outlook”, “projects” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe that we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Among others, the factors discussed in the “Risk Factors” sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and any of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K could cause actual results to differ from those in forward-looking statements included in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or that we otherwise make. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others: Economic and industry conditions • changes in general economic and/or industry specific conditions, including the impacts of tax and tariff programs, inflation, supply chain disruptions, foreign currency exchange, and industry consolidation; • the impacts of significant recent shifts in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, retaliatory tariff measures, and subsequent modifications or suspensions thereof, and market reactions to such policies and resulting trade disputes; • prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including North America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and Africa; • decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses and related products and services; • reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers; • original equipment manufacturers’ program delays; • decreased demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry; • decreased demand for our products and services; • orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels or being reduced, and/or economic conditions affecting the ability of our customers to pay timely for goods and services delivered; • consolidations in the rail industry; • continued outsourcing by our customers; • industry demand for faster and more efficient braking equipment; • fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; • availability of credit or difficulty in obtaining debt or equity financing; • changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for projects to be considered “green” or “sustainable” or negative perceptions regarding determinations in such regard with respect to our Green Finance Framework or environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) strategy; or • changes in the ESG topics that have the highest relative priority for Wabtec’s external stakeholders. S-v TABLE OF CONTENTS Operating factors • supply disruptions; • technical difficulties; • changes in operating conditions and costs; • increases in raw material costs; • challenges associated with the successful introduction of new products; • product safety, quality and reliability; • performance under material long-term contracts; • labor availability constraints and labor relations challenges; • the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental matters, asbestos-related matters, pension liabilities, warranties, product liabilities, competition and anti-trust matters or intellectual property claims; • our ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions, including the Pending Acquisitions; • risks associated with the development and use of new technology; or • cybersecurity and data protection risks. Competitive factors • the actions of competitors; or • adverse outcomes of negotiations with partners, suppliers, customers or others. Political / governmental factors • political instability in relevant areas of the world, including the impacts of war, conflicts, global military action, and acts of terrorism; • future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry; • decreases in levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers; • political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to Positive Train Control; • consequences of federal and state income tax legislation; • sanctions imposed on countries and persons; or • the outcome of negotiations with governments. Natural hazards / health crises • impacts of climate change, including evolving climate change policy; • disruptive natural hazards, including earthquakes, fires, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or other weather conditions; • epidemics, pandemics, or similar public health crises; • deterioration of general economic conditions as a result of natural hazards or health crises; • shutdown of one or more of our operating facilities as a result of natural hazards and health crises; or • supply chain and sourcing disruptions as a result of natural hazards, health crises or other external factors. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove to be inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. You are advised, however, to consider any additional disclosures that we may make on related subjects in future filings with the SEC. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all factors that could cause our actual results to differ. Consequently, you should not consider any list of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. S-vi TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should read carefully this entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, the “Risk Factors” section included in this prospectus supplement and the financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference herein. Our Company We are a global provider of value-added, technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems, and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries, as well as the mining, marine and industrial markets. Our highly engineered products, which are intended to enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, can be found on most locomotives, freight cars, passenger transit cars and buses around the world. Our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. Wabtec is a global company with operations in over 50 countries and our products can be found in more than 100 countries throughout the world. In the year ended December 31, 2024 and the first three months of 2025, approximately 53% and 51% of our net sales came from customers outside the United States, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and the three months ended March 31, 2025, we generated net sales of $10,387 million and $2,610 million, respectively, and net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders of $1,056 million and $322 million, respectively. We provide our products and services through two principal business segments, the Freight Segment and the Transit Segment, both of which have different market characteristics and business drivers. The Freight Segment primarily manufactures new and modernized locomotives; provides aftermarket parts and services to existing locomotives; provides components to new and existing freight cars; builds new commuter locomotives; supplies rail control and infrastructure products including electronics, positive train control equipment, signal design and engineering services; provides a comprehensive suite of software-enabled solutions designed to improve customer safety, efficiency and productivity in the transportation and mining industries; overhauls locomotives; and provides heat exchangers and cooling systems for rail and other industrial markets. Customers include large, publicly traded railroads, leasing companies, manufacturers of original equipment such as locomotives and freight cars, utilities, and companies in the mining, marine, and industrial markets. We are a global manufacturer of diesel-electric locomotives for freight railroads producing essential products and solutions that help railroads reduce operating costs, decrease fuel use, minimize downtime and comply with emissions standards. As a result of the large base of nearly 24,000 locomotives, Wabtec’s Services product line of modernizing, rebuilding and overhauling, remanufacturing, maintaining, and exchanging locomotives and components in the aftermarkets provides a significant, recurring revenue stream. In 2024, the Freight Segment accounted for approximately 72% of our total net sales, with approximately 59% of its net sales in the United States and approximately 61% of the Freight Segment’s net sales were in the aftermarket. The Transit Segment primarily manufactures and services components for new and existing passenger transit vehicles, typically regional trains, high speed trains, subway cars, light-rail vehicles and buses; and supplies rail control and infrastructure products including electronics, signal design and engineering services. Customers include public transit authorities and municipalities, leasing companies, manufacturers of passenger transit vehicles and buses, and companies in the electrical generation, distribution, and charging industries. In 2024, the Transit Segment accounted for approximately 28% of our total net sales, with approximately 18% of its net sales in the United States. The Transit Segment maintains a large installed base of original equipment globally which allows for a significant recurring revenue stream in the aftermarket. Approximately 55% of the Transit Segment’s net sales are in the aftermarket. We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 30 Isabella Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212. Our telephone number is (412) 825-1000. Our internet address is www.wabteccorp.com. Information on, or accessible through, our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, unless such information is otherwise specifically incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus as set forth in “Where You Can Find More Information—Incorporation by Reference”. S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Recent Developments Recently Announced Acquisitions During the first quarter of 2025, Wabtec announced definitive agreements to acquire (i) the Inspection Technologies division of Evident Corporation (“Inspection Technologies”), formerly part of the Scientific Solutions Division of Olympus Corporation, for approximately $1.78 billion (the “Inspection Technologies Acquisition”), and (ii) Dellner Couplers AB (“Dellner Couplers”), for approximately $960 million (together with the Inspection Technologies Acquisition, the “Pending Acquisitions”). Inspection Technologies is a global leader in Non-Destructive Testing, Remote Visual Inspection and Analytical Instruments solutions for mission critical assets. We believe Inspection Technologies’ industry presence and innovative product portfolio will significantly expand Wabtec’s capabilities and complement the existing product portfolio of Digital Intelligence. Dellner Couplers is a global leader in highly engineered safety-critical train connection systems and services for passenger rail rolling stock. We believe the acquisition of Dellner Couplers will bring highly attractive and complementary technologies to the Transit business and provide synergies by complementing our core transit systems portfolio. The Pending Acquisitions are each subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Following closing of the Inspection Technologies Acquisition, Inspection Technologies is expected to become a guarantor of the 2025 Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof, which would require Inspection Technologies to also become a guarantor of the notes. 2025 Credit Agreement On April 23, 2025, we entered into the 2025 Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the 2022 Credit Agreement (as defined herein), increasing the amount available under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) to $2.0 billion and providing the new 2025 DDTL (as defined herein) commitment in the amount of $725 million, and refinanced the 2024 Credit Agreement (as defined herein) in full. In order to effect the foregoing, we borrowed $475 million of the available 2025 DDTL to repay and refinance (x) the $250 million of outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans (as defined herein) under the 2022 Credit Agreement and (y) the $225 million of outstanding term loans under the 2024 Credit Agreement. As of March 31, 2025 and as of the date of this prospectus supplement, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. See “Description of Other Indebtedness”. S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering The following summary contains basic information about the notes and is not intended to be complete. For a more complete understanding of the notes and for definitions of certain capitalized terms used herein, please refer to the section entitled “Description of the Notes” in this prospectus supplement. Issuer Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation. Securities Offered $ million aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due . $ million aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due . Maturity Date The notes will mature on , 20 . The notes will mature on , 20 . Interest Rate The notes will bear interest at % per year. The notes will bear interest at % per year. Interest Payment Dates We will pay interest on the notes on and of each year, beginning on , 20 , and on the notes on and of each year, beginning on , 20 . Guarantees All payments with respect to the notes (including principal and interest) will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis by each of our current and future subsidiaries that is a guarantor under our 2025 Credit Agreement or any other Debt of ours or any other guarantor. Optional Redemption Each series of notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the applicable redemption prices described in this prospect

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]