424B5 1 d785151d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-279510 Registration No. 333-279510-01 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and they are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER 16, 2024 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated May 17, 2024) $ Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by Labcorp Holdings Inc. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as LCAH, is offering % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”), % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”) and % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 Notes” and, together with the 20 Notes and the 20 Notes, the “Notes”). The 20 Notes will bear interest at the rate of % per year, the 20 Notes will bear interest at the rate of % per year and the 20 Notes will bear interest at the rate of % per year. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. The 20 Notes will mature on , 20 , the 20 Notes will mature on , 20 and the 20 Notes will mature on , 20 . LCAH may redeem the Notes of each series at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity at the applicable redemption prices set forth, and as further described, under the caption “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption. ” If LCAH experiences a Change of Control Repurchase Event and has not otherwise elected to redeem the Notes, LCAH will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes from holders as described under the caption “ Description of the Notes—Offer to Repurchase upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event. ” The Notes will be LCAH’s senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all of LCAH’s other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Labcorp Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and the parent holding company of LCAH, which we refer to as the Company. The guarantee will be a senior unsecured obligation of the Company and will rank equally in right of payment with any of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, if any, and guarantees. The Company does not currently have any direct indebtedness but guarantees certain other LCAH indebtedness. See “ Summary—Recent Developments. ” The Company does not have any significant operations or material assets other than its direct ownership interests in LCAH. Investing in the Notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per 20 Note Total Per 20 Note Total Per 20 Note Total Public Offering Price (1) % $ % $ % $ Underwriting Discounts % $ % $ % $ Proceeds to LCAH (before expenses) (1) % $ % $ % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2024. The underwriters expect to deliver the Notes to purchasers on or about , 2024, only in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company. Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities US Bancorp Wells Fargo Securities The date of this prospectus supplement is September , 2024 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement About This Prospectus S-iii Where To Find Additional Information S-iii Incorporation Of Certain Information By Reference S-iii Summary S-1 The Offering S-3 Summary Consolidated Financial Data S-7 Risk Factors S-9 Forward-Looking Statements S-13 Use Of Proceeds S-17 Capitalization S-18 Description of the Notes S-19 U.S Federal Income Tax Considerations S-33 Underwriting S-37 Legal Matters S-41 Experts S-41 Prospectus About This Prospectus 1 Forward-Looking Statements 1 Where To Find Additional Information 6 Incorporation Of Certain Information By Reference 7 The Company 8 Risk Factors 9 Use Of Proceeds 9 General Description Of The Offered Securities 10 Guarantor Disclosures 11 Description Of Common Stock 12 Description Of Preferred Stock 15 Description Of Warrants 17 Description Of Units 19 Description Of Guarantees 20 Description Of Debt Securities 21 Selling Securityholders 32 Legal Matters 32 Experts 32 S-i Table of Contents We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to give you any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on our behalf or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, and the underwriters are soliciting offers to buy, these securities only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the offering of the securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the securities and the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus outside the United States. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or the documents incorporated herein by reference is accurate as of any date other than their respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. It is important for you to read and consider all information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering in making your investment decision, or by any other method as may then be permitted under applicable law, rules, or regulations. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the information incorporated herein or therein by reference, and any free writing prospectus contain or may contain references to trademarks, service marks, and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks, and trade names, including logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks, and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, service marks, or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. Other trademarks, trade names, and service marks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Unless specifically noted otherwise in this prospectus supplement, or unless the context otherwise requires, all references to “we,” “us,” “our,” and “the Company” refer to Labcorp Holdings Inc. together with its subsidiaries, including Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings. All references to “LCAH” refer to Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings and its subsidiaries as applicable and not to Labcorp Holdings Inc. S-ii Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus contain information about us and about the Notes. They also refer to information contained in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). If this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus or the documents that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. WHERE TO FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Statements contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized, or that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, about the provisions or contents of any agreement or other document are not necessarily complete. If SEC rules and regulations require that any agreement or document be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement and we file the agreement or document, you should refer to that agreement or document for a complete description of these matters. We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The SEC maintains a website that contains periodic reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that issuers, including the Company, file or furnish electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file or furnish with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at www.labcorp.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. The information contained on our website (other than the SEC filings expressly referred to below as incorporated by reference herein) is not incorporated by reference herein and does not form a part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” in this prospectus supplement certain information we file with the SEC, which means that we may disclose important information in this prospectus supplement by referring you to the document that contains the information. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be a part of this prospectus supplement, except for any information superseded by information in this prospectus supplement, and information we file later with the SEC will automatically update and, to the extent inconsistent, supersede the information filed earlier. We incorporate by reference the filings listed below (the file number for which is 001-11353) and any amendments to these documents, except to the extent that any information contained in such filings is deemed “furnished” in accordance with SEC rules, including, but not limited to, information furnished under Items 2.02 and 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K including related exhibits: (1) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024 (the “2023 Annual Report”), including the information incorporated therein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2024; (2) our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2024 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 2, 2024 ; (3) our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2024 and August 23, 2024 ; and (4) our Current Report on Form 8-K 12B filed on May 17, 2024. S-iii Table of Contents We also incorporate by reference any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act until the offering of the securities covered by this prospectus supplement is completed or the offering is otherwise terminated; provided, however, that we are not incorporating by reference any documents or information, including parts of documents that we file with the SEC, that are deemed to be furnished and not filed with the SEC. We will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus supplement is delivered, upon written or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, other than exhibits to such documents unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into such documents. Requests may be made in writing or by telephone at: Labcorp Holdings Inc. 358 South Main Street Burlington, North Carolina 27215 (336) 229-1127 Attn: Office of the Corporate Secretary S-iv Table of Contents SUMMARY The following summary is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information included elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Because this is a summary, it may not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read the entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the “ Risk Factors ” section in this prospectus supplement, and the financial statements and the notes to those statements and other information incorporated by reference, before making a decision whether to invest in the Notes. The Company Labcorp ® is a global leader of innovative and comprehensive laboratory services that provides vital information to help doctors, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, researchers, and patients make clear and confident decisions. By leveraging its unparalleled diagnostics and drug development capabilities, the Company provides insights and accelerates innovations to improve health and improve lives. With more than 67,000 employees, the Company serves clients in more than 100 countries. The Company is organized under two segments, consisting of Diagnostics Laboratories, which includes routine testing and specialty/esoteric testing, and Biopharma Laboratory Services, consisting of Early Development Research Laboratories and Central Laboratory Services. The Company’s strength in science, technology, and innovation, as well as its global scale, enable it to play a leading role in advancing healthcare across the globe. The Company worked on 90% of the new drugs approved by the FDA in 2023 and performed more than 600 million tests for patients around the world. The Company believes that science, technology, and innovation drive its continued success, differentiate the Company, and are foundational to its future. They are critical to the Company’s ability to carry out its mission to improve health and improve lives. Recent Developments On August 23, 2024, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a three-year $300 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the “Securitization Facility”) with PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. The Securitization Facility permits Labcorp Receivables (as defined below) to draw up to a total of $300 million, subject to the outstanding amount of the eligible receivables pool and other factors, and up to $700 million subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. In connection with the Securitization Facility, on August 23, 2024, LCAH and Laboratory Corporation of America sold and/or contributed all of their existing, and committed to continue to sell and/or contribute their future accounts receivable and certain related assets to Labcorp Receivables LLC, a special purpose vehicle and wholly owned subsidiary of LCAH (“Labcorp Receivables”) pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2024 (the “Sale Agreement”), among LCAH and Laboratory Corporation of America (the “Originators”), any additional originators from time to time party thereto, LCAH, as servicer, and Labcorp Receivables. Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2024 (the “Receivables Purchase Agreement”), among Labcorp Receivables, the purchasers from time to time party thereto (the “Purchasers”) and PNC Capital Markets LLC, Labcorp Receivables may sell and/or obtain financing for the accounts receivable assets and grants a security interest in all of its assets. LCAH will service the accounts receivables on behalf of Labcorp Receivables for a fee. In addition, pursuant to a Performance Guaranty, dated August 23, 2024 by the Company in favor of PNC, the Company has agreed to guarantee the performance of the Originators and LCAH, in its capacity as servicer, of their respective obligations under the agreements governing the Securitization Facility. Neither the Company nor the Originators guarantee the collectability of the receivables under the Securitization Facility. S-1 Table of Contents Labcorp Receivables’ assets are not available to pay creditors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than Labcorp Receivables), including LCAH, although collections from the receivables in excess of amounts required to repay the Purchasers and other creditors of Labcorp Receivables may be remitted to the Company. Corporate Information LCAH, a Delaware corporation, is headquartered in Burlington, North Carolina, and was incorporated in 1971. Our principal executive offices are located at 358 South Main Street, Burlington, North Carolina 27215, and our telephone number at that address is (336) 229-1127. Our website address is www.labcorp.com . The inclusion of our website address in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is, in each case, intended to be an inactive textual reference only. Information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference herein and does not form a part of this prospectus supplement. S-2 Table of Contents The Offering Issuer Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Guarantor Labcorp Holdings Inc. Securities Offered $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 . The Notes will each constitute a separate series under the Indenture. Maturity The 20 Notes will mature on , 20 . The 20 Notes will mature on , 20 . The 20 Notes will mature on , 20 . Sinking Fund None. Interest % per year on the outstanding principal amount of the 20 Notes from , 2024. % per year on the outstanding principal amount of the 20 Notes from , 2024. % per year on the outstanding principal amount of the 20 Notes from , 2024. Interest Payment Dates and of each year, commencing on , 2025. Interest payments will be made to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at the close of business on the preceding and . Optional Redemption Prior to (i) with respect to the 20 Notes, , ( months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes), (ii) with respect to the 20 Notes, , ( months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes) and (iii) with respect to the 20 Notes, , ( months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes) (each such date, a “Par Call Date”), LCAH may redeem the applicable series of Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming, in each case, that such Notes matured on their applicable Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus basis points in the case of the S-3 Table of Contents 20 Notes, basis points in the case of the 20 Notes, and basis points in the case of the 20 Notes less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date; and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. See “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption. ” On or after the applicable Par Call Date, LCAH may redeem the Notes of the applicable series in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to such redemption date. See “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption .” Repurchase at the Option of Holders upon a Change of Control If we experience a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in this prospectus supplement) and have not otherwise elected to redeem any series of Notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase each series of Notes from holders at a repurchase price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. See “ Description of the Notes—Offer to Repurchase upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event .” Use of Proceeds We expect that the net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $ million after deducting the underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses of this offering. We expect to use the net proceeds from this offering to redeem or repay indebtedness and, to the extent not used for such purpose, for other general corporate purposes. Indebtedness to be redeemed or repaid at or prior to maturity is expected to include $400.0 million of our outstanding 2.30% Senior Notes due December 1, 2024, $1.0 billion of our outstanding 3.60% Senior Notes due February 1, 2025 and $350 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. See “ Use of Proceeds .” Conflicts of Interest Certain affiliates of the underwriters are lenders under our credit facilities, including our revolving credit facility, and certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates may be holders of our 2.30% Senior Notes due December 1, 2024 and 3.60% Senior Notes due February 1, 2025. In the event that any of the underwriters, together with their respective affiliates, receives at least 5% of the net proceeds of this offering, such underwriters will be deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. However, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5121, no “qualified independent underwriter” is required because the Notes are Investment Grade-rated (as defined in “ Description of the Notes ”) by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating agencies. Certain Covenants We will issue the Notes under our Indenture. The Indenture will, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries, to: S-4 Table of Contents • create or assume Liens (as defined in “ Description of the Notes ”); • enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and • incur indebtedness or issue Preferred Stock (as defined in “ Description of the Notes ”) at the subsidiary level. See “Description of the Notes—Covenants Applicable to Each Series of Notes.” Ranking The Notes will be LCAH’s senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with LCAH’s other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Because LCAH conducts most of its operations through its subsidiaries, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to any and all existing and future indebtedness, whether or not secured, and other liabilities of its subsidiaries, as well as claims of holders of any Preferred Stock of its subsidiaries. Company Guarantee The Notes will be guaranteed by the Company. The Company guarantee will be a senior unsecured obligation of the Company and will rank equally in right of payment with all of its other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, if any, and senior unsecured guarantees. The Company does not currently have any direct indebtedness but guarantees certain other LCAH indebtedness. See “ Summary—Recent Developments. ” The Company’s guarantee of the Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to: • all existing and future secured indebtedness and secured guarantees of the Company (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and guarantees); • all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, of the Company’s subsidiaries (including LCAH) and of any entity the Company accounts for using the equity method of accounting; and • all existing and future preferred equity not owned by the Company in the subsidiaries (including LCAH) and in any entity the Company accounts for using the equity method of accounting. The Company does not have any significant operations or material assets other than its direct ownership interests in LCAH. Form The Notes will be issued in book-entry form and will be represented by global securities that will be deposited with and registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company. Beneficial interests in the Notes will be shown on, and transfers will be effected through, records maintained by The Depository Trust Company and its participants. Risk Factors You should consider carefully all the information set forth and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in the S-5 Table of Contents Notes. In particular, you should evaluate the specific factors set forth under “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement. Governing Law The Indenture and the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Trustee U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. S-6 Table of Contents Summary Consolidated Financial Data Second Quarter and Full Year Financial Results The following table presents summary consolidated financial data as of and for the periods indicated. The consolidated statement of operations data for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2023 have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. The condensed consolidated statement of operations data for each of the six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 and the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2024 have been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2023 have been derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, which is not incorporated herein by reference. You should read this table along with our 2023 Annual Report and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. The consolidated balance sheet and the consolidated statement of operations data presented below, and the condensed consolidated financial statements from which the financial data are derived, at and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, are unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of operations and financial position have been made. Except as otherwise disclosed, all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. Year Ended December 31, Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 2023 2024 (in millions) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues $ 13,136.1 $ 11,863.9 $ 12,161.6 $ 6,071.5 $ 6,397.5 Gross profit 4,992.4 3,708.9 3,364.9 1,692.3 1,823.7 Operating income 3,048.6 1,436.5 725.6 596.1 616.1 Net earnings attributable to Labcorp Holdings Inc. 2,377.3 1

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]