424B5 1 tm2511594-4_424b5.htm 424B5 tm2511594-4_424b5 - none - 6.6664231s TABLE OF CONTENTS Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​ Registration No. 333-275276 ​ Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated November 2, 2023) Micron Technology, Inc. $500,000,000 5.65 % Senior Notes due 20 32 $1,250,000,000 6.05 % Senior Notes due 20 35 Micron Technology, Inc. is offering $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.65% senior notes due 2032 (the “2032 notes”) and $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.05% senior notes due 2035 (the “2035 notes”, and together with the 2032 notes, the “notes”). The 2032 notes and the 2035 notes are each referred to herein as a series of notes. The 2032 notes will bear interest at the rate of 5.65% per year and the 2035 notes will bear interest at the rate of 6.05% per year. Interest on each series of notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning November 1, 2025. The 2032 notes will mature on November 1, 2032 and the 2035 notes will mature on November 1, 2035. We may redeem some or all of the notes, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) a make-whole amount (as described in the section entitled “Description of the Notes — Optional Redemption”) and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, we may redeem the 2032 notes, in whole or in part, at any time from or after September 1, 2032, and the 2035 notes, in whole or in part, at any time from or after August 1, 2035, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. See “Description of the Notes — Optional Redemption” in this prospectus supplement for more information. We will be required to make an offer to purchase each series of the notes, at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of purchase, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined herein) with respect to such series. See the section entitled “Description of the Notes — Repurchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event” for more information. The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all of our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. ​ Investing in the notes involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-5 for a discussion of certain risks that should be considered in connection with an investment in the notes. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. ​ ​ ​ ​ Public offering price (1) ​ ​ Underwriting discount (2) ​ ​ Proceeds to us, before expenses (1) ​ Per 2032 Note ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.728 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.350 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.378 % ​ ​ 2032 Notes Total ​ ​ ​ $ 498,640,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 1,750,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 496,890,000 ​ ​ Per 2035 Note ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.900 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.400 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 99.500 % ​ ​ 2035 Notes Total ​ ​ ​ $ 1,248,750,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 5,000,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 1,243,750,000 ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ $ 1,747,390,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 6,750,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 1,740,640,000 ​ ​ ​ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from April 29, 2025. ​ (2) The underwriters have agreed to reimburse us for certain expenses in connection with the offering. See “Underwriting.” ​ Interest on the notes will accrue from April 29, 2025. The notes will be issued in registered, book-entry form only without interest coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Currently there is no public market for the notes. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes to purchasers through the book-entry delivery system of The Depository Trust Company and its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V and Clearstream Banking, S.A., on or about April 29, 2025, which will be the third business day from the date of the pricing of the notes. ​ Joint Book-Running Managers ​ Morgan Stanley ​ ​ BofA Securities ​ ​ HSBC ​ ​ Wells Fargo Securities ​ ​ BNP PARIBAS ​ ​ CIBC Capital M arkets ​ ​ Credit Agricole CIB ​ ​ ICBC Standard Bank ​ ​ Mizuho ​ ​ MUFG ​ ​ PNC Capital Markets LL C ​ ​ Scotiabank ​ ​ SMBC Nikko ​ ​ TD Securities ​ ​ Truist Securities ​ Co-Managers ​ Academy Securities ​ ​ Siebert Williams Shank ​ April 24, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement ​ ​ ​ Page ​ Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements ​ ​ ​ ​ S-ii ​ ​ About this Prospectus Supplement ​ ​ ​ ​ S-iv ​ ​ Summary ​ ​ ​ ​ S-1 ​ ​ Risk Factors ​ ​ ​ ​ S-5 ​ ​ Use of Proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ S-9 ​ ​ Cash and Capitalization ​ ​ ​ ​ S-10 ​ ​ Description of the Notes ​ ​ ​ ​ S-11 ​ ​ Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ​ ​ ​ ​ S-34 ​ ​ Underwriting ​ ​ ​ ​ S-39 ​ ​ Validity of Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ S-45 ​ ​ Experts ​ ​ ​ ​ S-45 ​ ​ Where You Can Find More Information ​ ​ ​ ​ S-45 ​ ​ Prospectus ​ ​ ​ Page ​ About This Prospectus ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation By Reference ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ The Company ​ ​ ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ Risk Factors ​ ​ ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ Use of Proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ Description of Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ Plan of Distribution ​ ​ ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ Legal Matters ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ Experts ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated herein and therein by reference contain trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “pledge,” “committed,” “plan,” “opportunities,” “future,” “believe,” “target,” “on track,” “estimate,” “continue,” “likely,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” and variations of such words and similar expressions. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Specific forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements such as those made regarding: • expected production ramp of certain products; ​ • plans to invest in research and development, including the plans to implement EUV lithography; ​ • anticipated technological developments; ​ • potential change and impact in our effective tax rate; ​ • the timing for construction, expansion and ramping of production for our facilities, including new memory manufacturing fabs in the United States; ​ • receipt, timing, and utilization of government incentives and our ability to satisfy conditions attached to those incentives; ​ • the payment of future cash dividends; ​ • market conditions and profitability in our industry; ​ • future demand for our products and factors that may impact such demand; ​ • DRAM bit shipments in future periods; ​ • actions to align our NAND supply and the pace of ramp up of our new technology node, fab utilization and inventories with industry demand trends; ​ • the impact of the Cyberspace Administration of China decision; ​ • capital spending in 2025; ​ • the potential impact of business, economic, political, legal and regulatory developments upon our global operations; ​ • the sufficiency of our cash and investments; and ​ • our intended use of proceeds from the offering of notes. ​ Our actual results could differ materially from our historical results and those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to those identified in the section titled “Risk Factors” of this prospectus supplement and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q incorporated by reference herein and as may be updated in this prospectus supplement and in filings we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on information available to us as of the date of this prospectus supplement and are based on management’s current views and assumptions and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS in this prospectus supplement and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results, unless the securities laws require us to do so. Trademarks and Service Marks We own or have rights to trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this prospectus supplement or the documents incorporated by reference herein are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, and tradenames referred to in this prospectus supplement may be listed without the ® and ™ symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks, and tradenames. S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus dated November 2, 2023 are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may from time to time offer to sell securities, in one or more offerings. We provide information to you about this offering of the notes in two separate documents that are bound together: (1) this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific details regarding this offering; and (2) the accompanying prospectus, which provides general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer to this “prospectus,” we are referring to both documents combined. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. However, if any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date, for example, a document incorporated by reference in the accompanying prospectus, the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement as our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since the earlier dates. You should read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents and information incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering when making your investment decision. You should also read and consider the information in the documents we have referred you to under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.” You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any related free writing prospectus filed by us with the SEC. Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy our securities other than the notes described in this prospectus supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the notes in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates or as otherwise specified therein. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. You should not consider any information in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to be investment, legal or tax advice. You should consult your own counsel, accountants and other advisers for legal, tax, business, financial and related advice regarding the purchase of the notes offered by this prospectus supplement. Unless the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise specified, references in this prospectus supplement to “Micron,” “we,” “our,” “us,” and the “Company” refer to Micron Technology, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. We expect that delivery of the notes will be made to investors on or about April 29, 2025, which will be the third business day following the date of this prospectus supplement (such settlement being referred to as T+3). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade notes more than one business day prior to April 29, 2025 will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially settle in T+3, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes more than one business day prior to April 29, 2025 should consult their advisors. S-iv TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement as well as the accompanying prospectus, including the factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” included in this prospectus supplement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 29, 2024 , our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 27, 2025 , documents that we subsequently file with the SEC and the financial statements and other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, before making an investment decision. Micron Technology, Inc. Overview We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all . With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, manufacturing, and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron ® and Crucial ® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and compute-intensive applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience. We manufacture our products at wholly-owned facilities and also utilize subcontractors for certain manufacturing processes. Our global network of manufacturing centers of excellence not only allows us to benefit from scale while streamlining processes and operations, but it also brings together some of the world’s brightest talent to work on the most advanced memory technology. Centers of excellence bring expertise together in one location, providing an efficient support structure for end-to-end manufacturing, with quicker cycle times, in partnership with teams such as research and development (“R&D”), product development, human resources, procurement, and supply chain. For our locations in Singapore and Taiwan, this is also a combination of bringing fabrication and back-end manufacturing together. We make significant investments to develop proprietary product and process technology, which generally increases bit density per wafer and reduces per-bit manufacturing costs of each generation of product. We continue to introduce new generations of products that offer improved performance characteristics, including higher data transfer rates, advanced packaging solutions, lower power consumption, improved read/write reliability, and increased memory density. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets. To remain competitive we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures. Our success is largely dependent on obtaining returns on our R&D investments, efficient utilization of our manufacturing infrastructure, development and integration of advanced product and process technologies, market acceptance of our diversified portfolio of semiconductor-based memory and storage solutions, and efficient capital spending. Recent Developments Concurrently with the pricing of the offering of notes, we intend to issue a notice of redemption to redeem in full our existing 4.185% Senior Notes due 2027 (the “2027 notes” and such redemption, the “2027 notes Redemption”). The 2027 notes Redemption will be contingent on the issuance of the notes contemplated hereby. Nothing contained in this prospectus supplement should be deemed to be an offer to repurchase any 2027 notes. ​ Our executive offices are located at 8000 South Federal Way, Boise, Idaho 83716 and our telephone number is (208) 368-4000. Information about us is available at our website www.micron.com. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference and does not form a part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to purchase the notes. S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering The following summary contains basic information about the notes and is not a complete description of the offering. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. Thus, it does not contain all the information that is important to you. For a more detailed description of the notes you should read the section titled “Description of the Notes” in this prospectus supplement. In this section, references to “Micron,” “us,” “we,” “our” or the “Company” refer only to Micron Technology, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. Issuer Micron Technology, Inc. Securities Offered $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.65% Senior Notes due 2032 and $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.05% Senior Notes due 2035. Maturity The 2032 notes will mature on November 1, 2032 and the 2035 notes will mature on November 1, 2035. Interest and Payment Dates 5.65% per year on the principal amount of the 2032 notes and 6.05% per year on the principal amount of the 2035 notes. Interest on each series of notes is payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year after the date of issuance, commencing November 1, 2025. Interest on the notes will accrue from April 29, 2025. Ranking of the Notes The notes will be senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all of our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. As of February 27, 2025: • we had approximately $11.9 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness; and ​ • our subsidiaries had outstanding liabilities (including trade payables and indebtedness to third parties at the full stated amount thereof but excluding intercompany indebtedness and other obligations and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP) of approximately $10.8 billion, all of which will be structurally senior to the notes with respect to claims on the assets and cash flows of our subsidiaries. ​ Sinking Fund None. Optional Redemption Each series of notes will be redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) the make-whole amount (as described in the section entitled “Description of the Notes — Optional Redemption”) and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, on or after September 1, 2032, in the case of the 2032 notes (two months prior to the maturity date of the 2032 notes) and on or after August 1, 2035, in the case of the 2035 notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 notes), we may redeem the notes of such series at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. See “Description of the Notes — Optional Redemption.” S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Mandatory Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined elsewhere in this prospectus supplement) with respect to a series of notes, we will be required to make an offer to purchase the notes of such series at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of purchase. See “Description of the Notes — Repurchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.” Certain Covenants The indenture that will govern each series of notes contains covenants that, subject to significant exceptions, limit our ability and/or the ability of our restricted subsidiaries (which are generally domestic subsidiaries in which we own at least 80% of the voting stock and which own Principal Property (as defined herein)) to: • create or incur certain liens on Principal Property owned by us or a Restricted Subsidiary and shares of capital stock of any restricted subsidiary and enter into sale and lease-back transactions with respect to Principal Property; and ​ • consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets, to another person. ​ These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as described under “Description of the Notes Certain Covenants.” No Prior Market; No Listing Each series of notes will be a new issue of securities for which there is currently no established public market. Although the underwriters have informed us that they intend to make a market in the notes of each series, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue market-making with respect to the notes at any time without notice. Accordingly, a liquid market for the notes may not develop or be maintained. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to the Notes — Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of an active trading market, and an active trading market may not develop for the notes.” We do not intend to apply for the listing of the notes on any securities exchange or for the quotation of the notes in any dealer quotation system. Use of Proceeds We estimate net proceeds from the sale of the notes, after deducting underwriter discounts and other estimated offering expenses, will be approximately $1,737 million. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to pay the redemption price of the 2027 notes Redemption, to pay the cost of unwinding the fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps we entered into in connection with the 2027 notes, and any remainder of the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of other indebtedness. See “Use of Proceeds.” Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents, including the information incorporated by S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS reference, and, in particular, should evaluate the specific factors set forth in this prospectus supplement under “Risk Factors” for an explanation of certain risks you should consider before investing in the notes. Form and Denomination Each series of notes will be issued in the form of one or more fully registered global securities, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. These global notes will be deposited with the trustee as custodian for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Except in the limited circumstances described under “Description of the Notes — Book-Entry, Form, Denomination and Delivery of Notes,” notes in certificated form will not be issued or exchanged for interests in global securities. Investors may hold their interests in a global note directly through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V, as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in a global note on behalf of their participants through their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in the global note in customers’ securities accounts in the depositaries’ names on the books of DTC. Trustee, Registrar and Paying Agent U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Governing Law The indenture and the notes will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ RISK FACTORS In considering whether to purchase the notes, you should carefully consider all the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In particular, you should carefully consider the risk factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 27, 2025 as well as the risk factors described below, which are not exhaustive. In this section, references to “Micron,” “us,” “we,” or “our” refer only to Micron Technology, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. Risks Related to Our Business We hereby incorporate by reference the risk factors in Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 27, 2025 . Risks Related to the Notes We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations, including our obligations under the notes. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the notes, will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the notes. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the notes. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. We cannot assure you that we would be able to implement any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms or at all. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. If we are unable to service our debt obligations from cash flows, we may

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]