424B5 1 gas2024asrnotepreprosup.htm 424B5 Document Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration Nos. 333-264573 and 333-264573-01 This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus relate to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement is not complete and may be changed. This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 3, 2024 Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated May 11, 2022) $ SOUTHERN COMPANY GAS CAPITAL CORPORATION Series 2024A % Senior Notes due , . This is a public offering by Southern Company Gas Capital Corporation (the “Issuer”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Southern Company Gas (the “Company” or the “Guarantor”), of $ of its Series 2024A % Senior Notes due , (the “Series 2024A Senior Notes”). Interest on the Series 2024A Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning , 2025. The Issuer may redeem the Series 2024A Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at redemption prices as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2024A Senior Notes—Optional Redemption.” The Guarantor will fully and unconditionally guarantee payment of the Series 2024A Senior Notes. The Series 2024A Senior Notes and the guarantee will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, ranking equally with all the other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations from time to time outstanding of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, and will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2024A Senior Notes—Ranking of Senior Notes and Guarantee.” See “Risk Factors” on page S-1 for a description of certain risks associated with investing in the Series 2024A Senior Notes. Per Series 2024A Senior Note Total Initial Public Offering Price(1) % $ Underwriting Discount % $ Proceeds, before expenses, to the Issuer % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of original issuance of the Series 2024A Senior Notes, which is expected to be September , 2024. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus Supplement or the accompanying Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Series 2024A Senior Notes are expected to be delivered on or about September , 2024 through the book-entry facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), as operator of the Euroclear system, or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (“Clearstream”). Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities Citigroup MUFG September , 2024 No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus or any written communication from the Company or the Issuer or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering. None of the Company, the Issuer or any underwriter takes any responsibility for, nor can it provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from the Company, the Issuer or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is an offer to sell only the Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby, and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information incorporated by reference or contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from the Company, the Issuer or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is current only as of its respective date. TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page Risk Factors S-1 Available Information S-1 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference S-1 Southern Company Gas Capital Corporation S-2 Southern Company Gas S-2 Selected Financial Information S-2 Use of Proceeds S-3 Description of the Series 2024A Senior Notes S-3 Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-United States Holders S-7 Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) S-11 Experts S-16 Prospectus About This Prospectus 1 Risk Factors 1 Available Information 1 Incorporation of Certain Documents By Reference 1 Southern Company Gas 2 Southern Company Gas Capital Corporation 2 Financial Statements of the Issuer and Accounting Treatment 2 Use of Proceeds 2 Description of Debt Securities 2 Description of Junior Subordinated Notes 9 Plan of Distribution 16 Legal Matters 16 Experts 16 - i - RISK FACTORS Investing in the Series 2024A Senior Notes involves risk. In addition to the factors described below, please see the risk factors in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Form 10-K”), which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The guarantee of the Series 2024A Senior Notes by the Guarantor does not provide significant additional assurance of payment to the holders of the Series 2024A Senior Notes. Upon issuance, the Series 2024A Senior Notes will be guaranteed by the Issuer’s parent company, the Guarantor, on a standalone basis, and will not be guaranteed by any of the Guarantor’s affiliates. The Guarantor is a holding company and has no operations separate from its investment in the Issuer and its other subsidiaries. Therefore, if the Issuer should be unable to meet its payment obligations with respect to the Series 2024A Senior Notes, it is unlikely that the Guarantor would be able to do so either. The Guarantor’s parent, The Southern Company (“Southern Company”), is not guaranteeing or otherwise becoming an obligor of the Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby. The Issuer’s ability to pay the Series 2024A Senior Notes may be impaired if the Guarantor or its operating subsidiaries are unable to repay funds to the Issuer or to the Guarantor or if the operating subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends to the Guarantor. The Issuer is a finance subsidiary with no independent operations or operating subsidiaries, and the Issuer’s immediate parent, the Guarantor, is a holding company with no independent operations. The Guarantor’s operations are carried out through its operating subsidiaries, none of which will guarantee the Series 2024A Senior Notes. This structure may limit the Issuer’s ability to obtain funds to make payments on the Series 2024A Senior Notes. Funds the Issuer raises through its financing activities may be loaned to the Guarantor or its affiliates, or paid as dividends to the Guarantor, which dividends may in turn be dividended or loaned to or otherwise invested in the Guarantor’s affiliates. The Issuer’s ability to pay interest and principal on the Series 2024A Senior Notes primarily depends on the ability of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries to repay funds the Issuer has loaned them. In addition, the Guarantor’s ability to repay funds the Issuer has loaned to it or to otherwise invest funds in the Issuer for the purpose of paying the Series 2024A Senior Notes, or to satisfy its guarantee of the Series 2024A Senior Notes, depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Guarantor or repay loans from the Guarantor. A substantial portion of the Guarantor’s consolidated assets, earnings and cash flows is derived from the operations of its regulated utility subsidiaries, whose legal authority to pay dividends and make other distributions to the Guarantor is subject to regulation. The Guarantor’s utility subsidiary Northern Illinois Gas Company (“Nicor Gas”) is restricted by regulation in the amount it can dividend or loan to affiliates. Dividends by Nicor Gas to the Guarantor are allowed only to the extent of Nicor Gas’ retained earnings balance. Further, claims of some creditors of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries may have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of those subsidiaries over the claims of creditors of the Guarantor or the Issuer, including holders of the Series 2024A Senior Notes. The Series 2024A Senior Notes and the Guarantor’s guarantee thereof will be effectively subordinated to such creditors of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries. AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and in accordance with the 1934 Act files reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). The Commission maintains a website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers including the Company that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by the Company with the Commission are also available on the Company’s website at http://www.southerncompanygas.com. The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus Supplement and should not be considered to be a part of this Prospectus Supplement. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The following documents have been filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act and are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement: (a) the Form 10-K ; and (b) the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 202 4 and June 30, 202 4 . S-1 All documents filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act subsequent to the date of this Prospectus Supplement and prior to the termination of this offering shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however, that the Company is not incorporating any information furnished under Item 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K unless specifically stated otherwise. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Prospectus Supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus Supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus Supplement. SOUTHERN COMPANY GAS CAPITAL CORPORATION The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. The Issuer provides financing to the Guarantor on an ongoing basis through a commercial paper program, the issuance of various debt and other financing arrangements. The Issuer’s senior notes are guaranteed by the Guarantor, but not any of its affiliates (including Southern Company). The Issuer’s principal address is 3535 Colonnade Parkway, Birmingham, Alabama 35243, and its telephone number is (205) 992-0230. SOUTHERN COMPANY GAS The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Southern Company. The Company is an energy services holding company whose primary business is the distribution of natural gas in four states—Illinois, Georgia, Virginia and Tennessee—through its four natural gas distribution utilities. At December 31, 2023, these utilities served approximately 4.4 million end-use customers. The Company also is involved in several other businesses that are complementary to the distribution of natural gas. The address of the Company’s principal executive offices is Ten Peachtree Place NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30309, and its telephone number is (404) 584-4000. SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following selected financial information for the years ended December 31, 2021 through 2023 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. Selected financial information for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes, which are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement. The following selected financial data as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 has been derived from the Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The information set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to and, therefore, should be read together with management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition, the financial statements and related notes and other financial information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The information set forth below does not reflect the issuance of the Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby or the use of proceeds therefrom. See “Use of Proceeds” in this Prospectus Supplement. Year Ended December 31, Six Months Ended June 30, 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024(1) Operating Revenues $ 3,792 $ 3,434 $ 4,380 $ 5,962 $ 4,702 $ 2,538 Earnings Before Income Taxes 715 763 814 752 826 691 Net Income Attributable to Southern Company Gas 585 590 539 572 615 517 S-2 Capitalization as of June 30, 2024 Actual Percent (Millions, except percentages) Common Stockholder’s Equity $ 11,044 58.5 % Senior Notes, First Mortgage Bonds, Medium-Term Notes and Other Long-Term Debt(2) 7,572 40.1 % Non-Principal Long-Term Debt(3) 249 1.4 % Total Capitalization $ 18,865 100.0 % ______________________________ (1) Due to seasonal variations in demand for energy, operating results for the six months ended June 30, 2024 do not necessarily indicate operating results for the entire year. (2) Does not include $275,000,000 aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds which Northern Illinois Gas Company has agreed to issue in a private placement, $156,000,000 of which is expected to be issued in September 2024 and $119,000,000 of which is expected to be issued in December 2024. (3) Includes unamortized fair value adjustments; unamortized debt premium, net; and unamortized debt issuance costs. USE OF PROCEEDS The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2024A Senior Notes to repay all or a portion of the Issuer’s commercial paper borrowings, which aggregated $190,000,000 as of August 30, 2024. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for other general corporate purposes, which may include investment by the Company in its subsidiaries. DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2024A SENIOR NOTES Set forth below is a description of the specific terms of the Series 2024A % Senior Notes due , . The Issuer will issue the Series 2024A Senior Notes under the Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2001, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as further supplemented and amended from time to time (the “Indenture”), by and among the Issuer, as issuer, the Guarantor, as guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (the “Senior Note Indenture Trustee”). The Indenture is more fully described under the caption “Description of Debt Securities” in the accompanying Prospectus. The following description of the particular terms of the Series 2024A Senior Notes supplements, and to the extent inconsistent therewith replaces, the description of the general terms and provisions of the debt securities included in the accompanying Prospectus under the caption “Description of Debt Securities.” General The Series 2024A Senior Notes will initially be issued in the aggregate principal amount of $ and will bear interest at the annual rate of % from the date of original issuance. Interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year (each, an “Interest Payment Date”), beginning on , 2025. Interest will be paid to the person in whose name a Series 2024A Senior Note is registered at the close of business (i) on the Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date if the Series 2024A Senior Notes are in book-entry only form or (ii) on the fifteenth calendar day preceding such Interest Payment Date if the Series 2024A Senior Notes are not in book-entry only form (whether or not a Business Day). The amount of interest payable will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. “Business Day” means a day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain closed or (iii) a day on which the Senior Note Indenture Trustee’s corporate trust office is closed for business. If any Interest Payment Date, any redemption date or the stated maturity date shall not be a Business Day, payment of amounts due thereon on such date may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and if such payment is made or duly provided for on such Business Day, no interest shall accrue on such amounts for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, redemption date or stated maturity date, as the case may be, to such Business Day. The Series 2024A Senior Notes will mature on , . The Guarantor, but not any of its affiliates, will fully and unconditionally guarantee the payment of the Series 2024A Senior Notes to each holder thereof and to the Senior Note Indenture Trustee on behalf of each such holder. S-3 The Series 2024A Senior Notes do not contain any sinking fund provisions. Denominations The Series 2024A Senior Notes will be issued in global form in initial denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or any exchange of Series 2024A Senior Notes, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith. Ranking of Senior Notes and Guarantee The Series 2024A Senior Notes will rank equally in right of payment with each other and the Issuer’s other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations from time to time outstanding. In the case of failure by the Issuer to make due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Series 2024A Senior Notes, the Guarantor agrees to cause such payment to be made when and as the same shall become due and payable. The Guarantor’s guarantee will similarly be an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor. As of June 30, 2024, the Guarantor had approximately $5,293,000,000 of other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations outstanding. Issuance of Additional Senior Notes The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of the Series 2024A Senior Notes, increase the principal amount of the Series 2024A Senior Notes by issuing additional Series 2024A Senior Notes in the future on the same terms and conditions (except for any differences in the price to the public, interest accrued prior to the issue date of the additional Series 2024A Senior Notes and, if applicable, the initial Interest Payment Date), and with the same CUSIP number as the Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby. The Series 2024A Senior Notes offered by this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus and any additional Series 2024A Senior Notes would rank equally and ratably and would be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture. No additional Series 2024A Senior Notes may be issued if any event of default has occurred with respect to the Series 2024A Senior Notes (except for Series 2024A Senior Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, in exchange for, or in lieu of, other securities of the series pursuant to sections 304, 305, 306, 406 or 1206 of the Indenture and except for any Series 2024A Senior Notes which, pursuant to section 303 of the Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture). Optional Redemption Prior to , ( month(s) prior to the maturity date of the Series 2024A Senior Notes) (the “Par Call Date”), the Issuer may redeem the Series 2024A Senior Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Series 2024A Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2024A Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Series 2024A Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2024A Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. “Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted each business day by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the S-4 Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields—one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life—and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semiannual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The Issuer’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Issuer will give notice to The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) of any redemption the Issuer proposes to make at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date. If the Issuer redeems only some of the Series 2024A Senior Notes, it is the practice of DTC to determine by lot the amount of Series 2024A Senior Notes to be redeemed from each of its participating institutions. Notice by DTC to these participants and by participants to “street name” holders of indirect interests in the Series 2024A Senior Notes will be made according to arrangements among them and may be subject to statutory or regulatory requirements. Any redemption of the Series 2024A Senior Notes may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more conditions precedent. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Series 2024A Senior Notes or portions of the Series 2024A Senior Notes called for redemption. Book-Entry Only Issuance—The Depository Trust Company DTC will act as the initial securities depository for the Series 2024A Senior Notes. The Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby will be issued only as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., DTC’s nominee, or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One or more fully-registered global Series 2024A Senior Notes certificates will be issued, representing in the aggregate the total principal amount of Series 2024A Senior Notes, and will be deposited with the Senior Note Indenture Trustee on behalf of DTC. Investors may hold interests in the Series 2024A Senior Notes offered hereby through DTC if they are participants in DTC or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC, including Euroclear or Clearstream. DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 1934 Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]