424B4 1 reddit-final424b4.htm 424B4 Document Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) Registration No. 333-277256 22,000,000 Shares Reddit, Inc. Class A Common Stock Reddit, Inc. is offering 15,276,527 shares of its Class A common stock and the selling stockholders identified in this prospectus are offering an aggregate of 6,723,473 shares of Class A common stock. This is our initial public offering and no public market currently exists for shares of our Class A common stock. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by any of the selling stockholders. The initial public offering price per share of our Class A common stock is $34.00. We have been approved to list our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “RDDT.” We have three classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes and is convertible at any time into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class C common stock is entitled to no votes. The holders of our outstanding Class B common stock will hold approximately 97.1% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock after the completion of this offering, with our directors and executive officers and their affiliates holding approximately 46.7%, after giving effect to the voting agreements entered into between Steven Huffman, our Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of our board of directors and certain of our stockholders, and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares to cover over-allotments. See “Principal and Selling Stockholders” and “Description of Capital Stock—Voting Agreements” for more information. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined under the U.S. federal securities laws and, as such, may elect to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements for this and future filings. Investing in our Class A common stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 22 to read about factors you should consider before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. PRICE $34.00 A SHARE Price to Public Underwriting Discounts and Commissions (1) Proceeds to Reddit (2) Proceeds to Selling Stockholders (2) Per Share $ 34.00 $ 1.70 $ 32.30 $ 32.30 Total $ 748,000,000 $ 37,400,000 $ 493,431,822 $ 217,168,178 ________________ (1) See “Underwriters” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. (2) Before expenses. At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 1,760,000 shares of our Class A common stock, or 8% of the shares offered in this offering, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to (i) eligible users and moderators on our platform, (ii) certain members of our board of directors, and (iii) friends and family members of certain of our employees and directors. See “Underwriters—Directed Share Program.” We have granted the underwriters the right to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 shares of our Class A common stock from us to cover over-allotments, if any, at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount. The Securities and Exchange Commission and state securities regulators have not approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares against payment on March 25, 2024 . MORGAN STANLEY GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC* J.P. MORGAN* BOFA SECURITIES CITIGROUP DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES MUFG CITIZENS JMP NEEDHAM & COMPANY PIPER SANDLER RAYMOND JAMES ACADEMY SECURITIES LOOP CAPITAL MARKETS RAMIREZ & CO., INC. TELSEY ADVISORY GROUP ________________ * In alphabetical order Prospectus dated March 20, 2024 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Letter From Our Co-Founder i Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 22 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 78 Market and Industry Data 82 Use of Proceeds 83 Dividend Policy 84 Capitalization 85 Dilution 89 Selected Consolidated Financial Data 92 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 96 Business 124 Page Management 163 Executive and Director Compensation 170 Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions 186 Principal and Selling Stockholders 192 Description of Capital Stock 201 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 213 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 219 Underwriters 223 Legal Matters 235 Experts 235 Where You Can Find Additional Information 235 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 1 Table of Contents As used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “Reddit,” the “company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and similar terms refer to Reddit, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. “REDDIT,” the Reddit logos, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Reddit appearing in this prospectus are the property of Reddit. Other trade names, trademarks, or service marks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, trade names, trademarks, and service marks referred to in this prospectus appear without the ®, ™, and SM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trade names, trademarks, and service marks. Numerical figures included in this prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. References to www.reddit.com or particular subreddits accessible via www.reddit.com in this prospectus are inactive textual references only, and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, such web addresses does not constitute part of this prospectus. Neither we, the selling stockholders, nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. Neither we, the selling stockholders, nor the underwriters take responsibility for, or provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby, and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. We, the selling stockholders, and the underwriters are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of the shares of our Class A common stock. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects may have changed since that date. For Investors Outside the United States: Neither we, the selling stockholders, nor the underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering or the possession or distribution of this prospectus or any free writing prospectus in connection with this offering in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of our Class A common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. Through and including April 14, 2024 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell, or trade shares of our Class A common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This delivery requirement is in addition to the obligation of dealers to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscription. Table of Contents LETTER FROM OUR CO-FOUNDER I think of August 13, 2005 as the day Reddit really came to life. We had been online for a couple of months, but until then there had never been enough posts from users on any day to fill the front page. That morning, to my surprise, I opened Reddit to discover the home page was overflowing with posts from real users for the first time. Reddit has been teeming with activity ever since. More than 76 million people, on average, visited every day in December 2023. They come to Reddit to participate in a vibrant community, a constantly evolving place where anyone, anywhere, can connect with like-minded people and dive into any topic. The conversation ranges from the sublime to the ridiculous, the trivial to the existential, the comic to the serious. Whatever people are into or going through, it is on Reddit. I am particularly proud of the role Reddit plays in providing support to people during pivotal life moments when turning to friends and family may not be an option. Somebody might visit r/ Parenting for help when they’re having trouble with a child, or go to r/ lgbt for advice about coming out, or they might turn to r/ stopdrinking for help quitting drinking, as I did more than four years ago. The communities of Reddit help people at a scale that I never imagined might be possible. To help Reddit live up to the opportunity this presents is why I came back here as CEO in 2015, why our team works with such dedication, and why our users spend so much time and energy building authentic, trusted, and passionate communities. One of the founding principles of Reddit was that it be a real place cultivated by real people instead of a fake place manicured by editors and other gatekeepers. Reddit is not a social media platform optimized for self-display; it is a community that rewards candor and honest advice. This is why millions of people trust Reddit for everything from relationship guidance to in-depth product recommendations (and add “reddit” by name to their searches for virtually anything). We have confidence in the magic of human-curated organization, creativity, and generosity. Reddit enables these human virtues, which means we can mostly stay out of the way. Another important quality of Reddit is that we let users choose whether to reveal their identities or to stay anonymous. We believe it is more respectful and safer not to force users to combine their real-world and online identities. Reddit allows people to be themselves, to be vulnerable and honest in a way that is difficult or sometimes impossible in the real world or other places online. Looking around, it’s easy to be disheartened about people and the state of the world, but on Reddit I have experienced the opposite: people naturally create community, and they are smarter, funnier, and more helpful and caring than I think we often give them credit for. And this is not because our users are some special subset of humanity. They’re just people. But when people are in the right context, they can do incredible things. Time and again, Reddit communities have provided exactly that context and been a tremendous force for good: they have created and catalyzed global movements, including campaigning for net neutrality in 2015, starting the March for Science in 2017, or standing up for retail investors, as r/wallstreetbets did in 2021. They have also provided witness and galvanized worldwide response in times of crisis, such as r/worldnews’ coverage of the war in Ukraine and the generous outpouring of assistance coordinated by Redditors themselves. As a way of capturing the richness, scale, diversity, and infinite possibilities for discovery encompassed by Reddit, I often compare it to a growing city. Today, our city has more than 100,000 unique neighborhoods, which we call subreddits, and each has its own slang, vibe, sense of humor, and both written and unwritten rules. We did not create these communities. Reddit’s users did. Our role is to develop and maintain a common infrastructure that helps keep the city secure and thriving, with space to grow. Sometimes, people break the rules, do harmful things, and force us to devise new rules—just as in physical cities. But our core commitment remains unchanged: to make Reddit as healthy, accessible, and enjoyable as possible. We are going public to advance our mission and become a stronger company. We hope going public will provide meaningful benefits to our community as well. Our users have a deep sense of ownership over the communities they create on Reddit. This sense of ownership often extends to all of Reddit. We see this in our users’ passion for their communities, their desire for Reddit to be as amazing as possible, and in their disapproval when we let them down. We want this sense of ownership to be reflected in real ownership—for our users to be our owners. Becoming a public company makes this possible. With this in mind, we are excited to invite the users and moderators who have contributed to Reddit to buy shares in our IPO, alongside our investors. Of course, we would i Table of Contents love our investors to be users as well. Additionally, being public lets us raise capital and offer liquidity to our employees who have worked tirelessly to build Reddit. It also comes with additional disclosure obligations, which aligns with our values around transparency. Finally, to help further support the positive impact of our communities and invest in new opportunities that align with our mission, we have reserved about 1% of our common stock to fund community-related programs. I have never been more excited about Reddit’s future than I am right now. We have many opportunities to grow both the platform and the business, the latter through advertising, monetizing commerce on the platform, and licensing data. Our work to make Reddit faster, easier to use, easier to moderate and govern, and simpler to navigate and find relevant communities is driving growth today and will continue to be our focus into the future. Advertising is our first business, and advertisers of all sizes have discovered that Reddit is a great place to find high-intent customers that they aren’t able to reach elsewhere. Advertising on Reddit is rapidly evolving, and we are still in the early phases of growing this business. The growth opportunity in our user economy is just as exciting. We see a spirit of entrepreneurship among Redditors, who are constantly pushing the boundaries of what Reddit can be used for. To support their creativity, we are developing new ways to earn money on Reddit. We have enabled artistic users to earn millions creating avatars. Our Contributor Program lets users directly reward one another. The developer platform will expand what a subreddit can be and what it can be used for. We have learned that whenever we create a new canvas for expression on Reddit, users adopt it in surprising ways and expand Reddit in directions we never anticipated. Today, subreddits are mostly communities for content and conversation, and they will evolve into places where Redditors can generate revenue for themselves. Already, users have created marketplaces like r/ PhotoshopRequest to edit photos, r/ Watchexchange to sell watches, and r/ artcommissions to commission art. Finally, Reddit’s vast and unmatched archive of real, timely, and relevant human conversation on literally any topic is an invaluable dataset for a variety of purposes, including search, AI training, and research. Reddit is one of the internet’s largest corpuses of authentic and constantly updated human-generated experience. Reddit data constantly grows and regenerates as users converse. As the world becomes increasingly data-driven, we offer solutions that are human- and experience-focused. We expect our data advantage and intellectual property to continue to be a key element in the training of future LLMs. I want to thank everyone who has contributed to making Reddit the extraordinary place it is today: our employees, users, and the moderators behind it all. We have many opportunities and much to do. We will do our best to fulfill our mission to bring community, belonging, and empowerment to the world and to do so in harmony with our values. Thank you, Steve Huffman ii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information that you should consider before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business,” and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus before making an investment decision. Our Mission Our mission is to bring community, belonging, and empowerment to everyone in the world. We built Reddit with the belief that communities unlock the power of human creativity and create a sense of belonging and empowerment for their members. Our over 100,000 active communities have channeled the power of human creativity to grow Reddit since our founding. We believe the world needs community more than ever, and that this represents our greatest opportunity to further enrich the lives of everyone in the world. Overview: The Power of Reddit’s Communities Reddit is a global, digital city where anyone in the world can join a community to learn from one another, engage in authentic conversations, explore passions, research new hobbies, exchange goods and services, create new communities and experiences, share a few laughs, and find belonging. People are diverse and have multiple interests. Just like in a city, where citizens are part of multiple subcommunities, on Reddit, users often belong to multiple communities. At Reddit, users can dive into anything, and if a community does not already exist around a particular topic, they can create one. In December 2023, more than 500 million visitors (1) , and in the three months ended December 31, 2023, an average of 73.1 million daily active uniques (“DAUq”), around the world came together on Reddit – continuously adding to our longstanding and constantly evolving human archive of information. They come together to share the rhythm of their daily discoveries, ask questions and receive advice, research before making a purchase decision, hear reactions to recent events, and thrive as a community. Built on shared interests, passion, and trust, Reddit has a community for everyone. Communities on Reddit are organized based on specific interests and are called subreddits. Within subreddits, Redditors engage in active and in-depth conversations by sharing experiences, submitting links, uploading images and videos, and replying to one another in comment threads on any topic. Subreddits are denoted by an “r/” before their names: r/ explainlikeimfive helps people learn anything with child-friendly explanations; r/ lgbt helps people find their identity; and r/ BeyondTheBump helps people transition from pregnancy to parenthood. Redditors invest time to shape their communities, share their experiences, send support and supplies when someone is down on their luck, and even code scripts and develop tools to advance their communities. Similar to how cities are made from cement and steel, but are really built by their citizens, Reddit is made from code and algorithms, but is really built by our users. It is a place where human ingenuity and creativity thrive. We empower users to participate and to shape Reddit by sharing content, upvoting or downvoting, and commenting. In addition, Redditors themselves not only create and build communities, but they also moderate these communities as volunteers to help keep them safe, vibrant, and true to themselves. Like cities, we design tools that give communities what they need to make their communities their own and evolve over time, rebuilding and reshaping by adapting to new technologies and reflecting new cultural trends. Newly created subreddits create a sense of belonging for their members, spurring the creation of more new subreddits to continue the cycle. In this way, Reddit’s community ecosystem grows and expands with the interests and passions of our users, keeping Reddit on trend and resilient to fading fads. (1) Each visitor is a user whom we can identify with a unique identifier who has visited a page on the Reddit website or opened a Reddit application at least once during the month. We use unique identifiers to deduplicate multiple visits from the same visitor. Our monthly visitor number involves a similar calculation process as our weekly active unique (“WAUq”) metric and daily active unique (“DAUq”) metric, except over a longer period of time. 1 Table of Contents Reddit’s community ecosystem is organically built upon shared interests, passions, and trust rather than friends, celebrities, and their followers. This distinction results in a unique sense of belonging, privacy, and authenticity for our users. We do not require that users disclose their identities, freeing them from having to perform and the associated pressures to always appear perfect. As a result, users come to Reddit for fundamentally distinct purposes, with each adding incremental value to our entire community. Redditors are free to be vulnerable or ask questions they would not be able to ask anywhere else. Powerful Advertising Engine Built Around Context and User Interest These qualities not only make the experience more enjoyable for users, they also make Reddit a unique platform for advertisers due to our intentional, authentic, trusted nature and our strength in contextual and interest-based advertising. For advertisers, we provide access to a unique and highly engaged audience where our trusted, passionate communities drive recommendations on brands and buying decisions. Whether users come to Reddit through a third-party search engine or if they initiate their search on Reddit, our users often have high intent – they are looking for answers or recommendations that they can trust, and these users can benefit from the conversations and contextual ads that are displayed on Reddit. According to a 2023 survey we commissioned of 4,000 U.S. Redditors aged 18 and older (the “Vertical Path to Purchase Survey”), 75% of respondents said they believe Reddit is a trustworthy place to inform their decision to buy a new product across specified consumer product categories. A Valuable Source of Conversational Data and Knowledge Over time, Reddit has evolved to become one of the internet’s largest corpuses of information, with over one billion posts and over 16 billion comments through December 31, 2023, and an average of 1.2 million posts daily and 7.5 million comments daily in 2023. Reddit was also among the top ten most-visited sites in the United States in December 2023, according to Similarweb. Our content is particularly important for artificial intelligence (“AI”) – it is a foundational part of how many of the leading large language models (“LLMs”) have been trained. Furthermore, we use internally built and trained models to improve many aspects of Reddit, including user onboarding, content translation, and moderation and safety. Our massive corpus of conversational data and knowledge is what makes us unique, and we believe its value will continue to grow over time as our user-generated data continues to grow. Entrepreneurial User Economy Commerce is another area of growth that has emerged organically on Reddit. In fact, new community-based marketplaces have already sprung up specifically for commercial purposes, such as r/ PhotoShopRequest, where users can request photoshop services for payment, or r/ RandomActsofCards, where users request and send cards to each other and spread a little bit of joy around the world . We want to develop this user-powered economy on Reddit by providing our users and creators with the requisite tools and incentives to drive continued creation, improvements, and commerce. In turn, we believe these initiatives will open additional monetization channels for us. Our high gross margin and capital-efficient business model is simple and scalable and allows us to invest deliberately in our global opportunity. Our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was $666.7 million and $804.0 million, respectively, representing growth of 21%. Our gross margin for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was 84% and 86%, respectively. During these periods, we continued to invest in growing our business. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was $(158.6) million and $(90.8) million, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was $(108.4) million and $(69.3) million, respectively. For more information and for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), see “Selected Consolidated Financial Data—Adjusted EBITDA.” Why Users Come to Reddit The internet has given people the tools to redefine how we live. We have search engines to find content and social networks to share and follow each other. Our community of communities sets itself apart with its unique combination of characteristics and is designed to provide users with a trusted place to be authentic to themselves in sharing and discovering while maintaining their privacy. 2 Table of Contents Open, Growing Archive of Human Knowledge (2005– ) Over the last 18 years, Reddit has become one of the internet’s largest open archives of human experiences. With over one billion posts and over 16 billion comments organized into communities, Reddit content provides authentic, human perspectives across almost any topic imaginable. Our constantly updated user-generated content provides a vast collection of human experiences, answers, and conversations and provides a source of fresh ideas. Reddit’s influence and relevance organically grows, and Reddit quickly responds to new topics based on real experiences. Topical communities such as r/ travel, r/ vanderpumprules, r/ MachineLearning, r/ cricket, r/ boxoffice, and r/ TaylorSwift have had meaningful breakouts as the headlines have evolved. As a result of Reddit’s scale and longevity, our content library is a broad memory of human interest, organically expanding and deepening into more topics. At times, Reddit may be the only place to find the information users are looking for, and users searching for information often come to Reddit and discover conversations taking place there. Centered on Interests, with Unmatched Breadth and Depth of Human Knowledge Time spent on Reddit is guided by personal intention and interests. Breadth of communities and depth of engagement means that Redditors benefit from a trove of knowledge organized by topic that we believe is unmatched by any other internet platform. Reddit is home to over 100,000 active subreddits, with over 500 subreddits that each have at least one million subscribers, which cover a wide variety of topics—r/ wholesomememes, r/ philosophy, r/ Pets, r/ InteriorDesign, r/ NBA, and r/ worldnews, to name a few—and can be creative, humorous, informative, inspirational, absurd, serious, or contemplative. We generally find that the longer Redditors have been on Reddit, the more engaged they become. As of December 2023, when someone first makes an account, the average active minutes for logged-in users on Reddit starts at approximately 20 minutes per day, but increases to over 35 minutes a day for those who have been on Reddit for over five years and even over 45 minutes a day for those who have been on Reddit for over seven years. According to a 2023 survey we commissioned of almost 800 U.S. Redditors (the “User Perceptions Survey”), 95% of respondents said there is a community for everyone on Reddit, 85% said Reddit is where they learn about the topics they love the most, and 83% recognized conversations on Reddit as more on-topic than anywhere else on social media, each result being higher than what respondents say for other major social media platforms. People-powered Curation for Authentic Interactions and Trusted Content Our differentiated community approach underlies the interactions on our platform: Reddit is centered around human creativity and belonging. The content found in Reddit communities is curated by people, creating a highly relevant content experience that attracts users to our platform. Every post and comment on Reddit, regardless of the author, starts with one upvote, and must earn its visibility through community members upvoting it and boosting it to the subreddit’s front page. Unlike traditional social media, voting (both up and down) is completely anonymous, encouraging broader Redditor participation. This unique upvoting and downvoting system not only curates the quality and relevance of content, but also determines the prominence of a certain piece of content. According to the User Perceptions Survey, 76% of respondents pay more attention to things they see on Reddit than the things they see on other social media platforms. In a

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]