424B4 1 d285484d424b4.htm 424B4 424B4 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) Registration Statement No. 333-277205 19,800,000 Shares Astera Labs, Inc. Common Stock This is an initial public offering of shares of common stock of Astera Labs, Inc. We are offering 16,788,903 shares of our common stock and the selling stockholders identified in this prospectus are offering 3,011,097 shares of common stock. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. The initial public offering price is $36.00 per share. We have been approved to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ALAB.” We are an “emerging growth company” as defined under Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, as such, we have elected to comply with certain reduced reporting requirements for this prospectus and may elect to do so in future filings. See “Prospectus Summary— Emerging Growth Company.” Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 17 to read about factors you should consider before buying our common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Initial public offering price Underwriting discount(1) Proceeds, before expenses, to us Per Share Total $36.00 $1.98 $34.02 $34.02 $712,800,000.00 $39,204,000.00 $571,158,480.06 $102,437,519.94 (1) See the section titled “Underwriting” for additional information regarding compensation payable to the underwriters. At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 785,729 shares of common stock, or up to 3.97% of the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to our directors, business partners, and friends and family. See the section titled “Underwriting—Directed Share Program.” The underwriters have the option to purchase up to an additional stock from us at the initial public offering price, less the underwriting discount, for 30 days after the date of this prospectus. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares against payment in New York, New York on or about March 22, 2024. MORGAN STANLEY J.P. MORGAN BARCLAYS DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES EVERCORE ISI JEFFERIES NEEDHAM & COMPANY STIFEL CRAIG-HALLUM CAPITAL GROUP ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS The date of this prospectus is March 19, 2024 Table of Contents Astera at a Glance Shipping to All Major Hyperscalers and Al Platform Providers $116MM 2023 Revenue Millions of Devices Shipped Across Multiple Form Factors 3 Product Families Generating Revenue 265+ Employees Across 5 Countries Globally Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 17 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 54 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 56 USE OF PROCEEDS 57 DIVIDEND POLICY 58 CAPITALIZATION 59 DILUTION 61 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 64 A LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS 87 BUSINESS 89 MANAGEMENT 116 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 123 Page CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 133 PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 138 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 141 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 147 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK 151 UNDERWRITING 156 LEGAL MATTERS 166 EXPERTS 166 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 166 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 Through and including April 13, 2024 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or contained in any free writing prospectus filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Neither we, the selling stockholders, nor any of the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or in any free writing prospectus we have prepared. We, the selling stockholders, and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We and the selling stockholders are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any free writing prospectus, is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any applicable free writing prospectus, as the case may be, or of any sale of our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may have changed since that date. For investors outside of the United States: we are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. Neither we, the selling stockholders, nor any of the underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any applicable free writing prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside of the United States who come into possession of this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any applicable free writing prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of our common stock and the distribution of this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any applicable free writing prospectus outside of the United States. i Table of Contents NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES This prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), including non-GAAP operating (loss) income and non-GAAP net (loss) income, that are not required by, or prepared in accordance with, GAAP. We refer to these measures as “non-GAAP financial measures.” See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures, information about how and why we use these non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. ii Table of Contents GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN TERMS The following are abbreviations, acronyms, and definitions of certain terms used in this prospectus: • “ASICs” means Application-Specific Integrated Circuits, custom-designed ICs for a specific purpose, offering better performance and efficiency compared to general-purpose ICs. ASICs are widely used in electronic devices, including smartphones, computers, and networking equipment. Hyperscalers have adopted custom ASICs to address the performance and scalability requirements of cloud and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) applications. • “BIOS” means Basic Input/Output System, a system software that initializes hardware and loads the operating system when a computer is turned on. It acts as an intermediary between the operating system and the computer’s hardware components. • “BMC” means Baseboard Management Controller, a specialized processor located on a computer’s motherboard that provides management capabilities, allowing remote monitoring, configuration, and troubleshooting of the system even if the operating system is unavailable. With BMCs, system administrators can monitor the hardware in a data center without physically being located or connected to the system. • “CPU” means Central Processing Unit, the brain of a computer, responsible for executing instructions and carrying out computations. It is a complex IC that fetches, decodes, and executes instructions, typically from main memory under the control of software programs. • “customers” refers to our end customers, our end customers’ manufacturing partners, and our distributors. When the context requires, we may use “end customers,” which are primarily hyperscalers and System OEMs, to distinguish from our end customers’ manufacturing partners and our distributors. When used in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus, “customers” refers to parties we directly invoice for products or services, which primarily include our end customers’ manufacturing partners and our distributors. • “CXL” means Compute Express Link, an industry standard interconnect that offers high-bandwidth, low-latency connectivity between a host processor and other ICs such as AI accelerators, memory expansion, and smart I/O devices. CXL maintains memory coherency between a processor’s memory and all attached devices, providing higher performance, lowering system costs and helping overcome memory-storage bottlenecks. • “DDR5” means Double Data Rate 5 Synchronous Dynamic Random-Access Memory (“DRAM”), the latest generation of memory focused on increasing the density and capacity of Random-Access-Memory (“RAM”). DDR5 is designed to reduce power consumption while doubling bandwidth relative to its predecessor, DDR4. It is commonly used in the latest high-performance computers and servers. • “DSP” means Digital Signal Processor, a specialized IC that uses digital algorithms to perform functions that were traditionally performed by analog circuits, such as filtering, amplification, and modulation. Due to their digital nature, DSPs provide more robust and advanced signal processing power necessary for many applications such as video processing, imaging, and communications. • “Ethernet” refers to a standardized network protocol used in a data center for connecting servers and switches together in a Local Area Network (“LAN”) over copper and optical cables. Ethernet cables support longer reach and can add security and diagnostic capabilities. • “FPGAs” means Field Programmable Gate Arrays, a type of ICs that can be programmed and reconfigured by the customer after the manufacturing process. This allows designers to customize the ICs to meet specific use case requirements. FPGAs, due to their customizability, enable many cloud and AI use cases. • “Gbps” means gigabits per second. • “GPU” means Graphic Processing Unit, a specialized IC with a high degree of parallelism used to accelerate the rendering of complex graphics onto a screen. Due to their ability to perform a large iii Table of Contents number of computations in parallel, GPUs often outperform CPUs and are increasingly being used for scientific computing, and for accelerating AI workloads such as training of large language models (“LLMs”). • “GT/s” means giga transfers per second. • “HBM” means High Bandwidth Memory, a type of computer memory designed to provide high bandwidth and low latency for GPUs, other AI accelerators, and CPUs. HBM is significantly faster and more expensive than traditional DRAM memory and is typically integrated within the IC package, allowing for shorter signal paths and faster data transfer rates. • “Hyperscalers” refers to large technology companies that provide cloud computing services on a massive scale. They offer a wide range of services that are dynamically provisioned by their users on an as-needed basis using software. The services include, but are not limited to, computing infrastructure, software platforms, and, increasingly, AI model training and inferencing. • “IC” means an Integrated Circuit, a miniaturized electronic circuit that combines multiple transistor components and other elements into a single small package. ICs are the fundamental building blocks of modern electronics, and they are used in a wide variety of applications, including computers, servers, networking equipment, smartphones, automobiles, and medical devices. • “Mask” refers to a template typically etched in glass or quartz, used in the IC manufacturing process to transfer a complex pattern of shapes onto a semiconductor wafer. • “NIC” means Network Interface Card, a hardware component that connects computers and servers to a network. NICs typically connect to the local server using PCIe protocol and convert data received from the server to Ethernet or another suitable protocol to be sent over a network. • “PCB” means Printed Circuit Board, a board made of insulating material with layers of conducting copper tracks used to connect components, including ICs, to one another forming an electronic circuit. PCBs offer a compact solution for containing and connecting all the necessary parts of electronic devices. • “PCIe” means Peripheral Component Interconnect Express, a high-speed serial electronic data transfer technology widely used in servers. PCIe protocol is frequently used in several types of server interconnects in a data center including interconnects between CPUs, GPUs, other AI accelerators, storage devices, and NICs. • “Server Rack” refers to an open-frame cabinet of standard dimensions used to organize and house servers, networking equipment, power supplies, and other information technology (“IT”) hardware. A data center typically houses thousands of server racks interconnected by networking switches typically using Ethernet protocol. • “Signal integrity” refers to the measure of how accurately and reliably a signal can be transmitted from one point to another without distortion or corruption. It is a critical factor in the design and operation of electronic systems that operate at high speeds or over long distances. Electrical characteristics of high-speed signals may degrade due to channel insertion losses in PCBs or cables, reflections, crosstalk, and noise. ICs with specialized hardware and DSP techniques are used to restore the signal quality. • “SKU” means Stock-Keeping Unit, a unique identifier for a product, typically assigned by a manufacturer. It is used as a unique identifier for a specific product. • “SMC” means System Management Controller, typically a microcontroller or an FPGA that is responsible for managing low-level system functions. These functions include power management, thermal management, and hardware management. • “SSD” means Solid State Drive, a type of storage device that uses ICs to store data persistently. SSDs contain no moving parts and can access large files quickly. iv Table of Contents • “System OEM” means a system Original Equipment Manufacturer, a company that produces finished products for resale, using parts or components from other companies. System OEMs play an important role in the supply chain and are one of our important customers. • “Tapeout” refers to the completion of the design phase of an IC and transfer of the design into a digital format suitable for creation of “Masks” used in the semiconductor wafer manufacturing process. • “ToR” means Top-of-Rack, a type of network switch that is typically installed at the top of a server rack in a data center. ToR switches are used to connect the servers in the rack to each other and to the rest of the network. They are typically high-performance switches that can handle significant data traffic. • “TPU” means Tensor Processing Unit, a custom accelerator designed and developed by Google. TPUs are optimized for AI applications and address the performance and scalability requirements of training and inference of large AI models. v Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our common stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. This summary contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Astera,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” in this prospectus refer to Astera Labs, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. ASTERA LABS, INC. Mission Statement Our mission is to innovate, design, and deliver semiconductor-based connectivity solutions that are purpose-built to unleash the full potential of cloud and AI infrastructure. Overview Building on years of experience with a singular focus on addressing connectivity challenges in data-centric systems, we have developed and deployed our leading Intelligent Connectivity Platform built from the ground up for cloud and AI infrastructure. Our Intelligent Connectivity Platform comprises: i) Semiconductor-based, high-speed, mixed-signal connectivity products that integrate a matrix of microcontrollers and sensors; and ii) COSMOS, our software suite which is embedded in our connectivity products and integrated into our customers’ systems. Our Intelligent Connectivity Platform provides our customers with the ability to deploy and operate high-performance cloud and AI infrastructure at scale, addressing an increasingly diverse set of requirements. We provide our connectivity products in various form factors including ICs, boards, and modules. AI touches many aspects of our daily lives today, from vision processing for autonomous vehicles to speech recognition systems for chatbots. According to IDC, by 2025, the Global 2000 organizations will allocate over 40% of their core IT spend to AI-related initiatives, leading to a double-digit increase in the rate of product and process innovations. The shift towards the cloud from on-premise computing is rapidly accelerating due to increasing demand for compute-intensive AI workloads that are truly optimized when deployed at cloud scale. To address the performance and scalability requirements of AI and other compute-intensive applications, hyperscalers have adopted heterogeneous, “accelerated computing” system architectures within their data centers, which include GPUs and other AI accelerators, such as TPUs, AI processors, custom ASICs, and FPGAs, to target specific workloads. These new system architectures require a connectivity backbone that is significantly faster, has lower latency, is robust, and supports cloud scale deployment. Our patented software-defined platform approach delivers critical connectivity performance, enables flexibility and customization, and supports observability and predictive analytics. This approach efficiently addresses the data, network, and memory bottlenecks, scalability, and other unique infrastructure requirements of our hyperscaler and system OEM customers. Based on trusted relationships with the leading hyperscalers and collaboration with data center infrastructure suppliers such as NVIDIA, Advanced Micro Devices, Intel, and many others, our platform is designed to meet our customers’ unique cloud scale requirements. Our COSMOS software suite is foundational to our Intelligent 1 Table of Contents Connectivity Platform and is designed to enable our customers to seamlessly configure, manage, monitor, optimize, troubleshoot, and customize functions in our IC, board, and module products. We believe that our Intelligent Connectivity Platform addresses a large and growing total addressable market (“TAM”) of $17.2 billion. Specifically, our technology and product portfolios target the global wired connectivity market, including PCIe and Ethernet, and the CXL memory connectivity controller market. We believe that our TAM will grow to $27.4 billion by 2027, and we expect to address an increasing share of this TAM as we expand the breadth and depth of our product portfolio. See the section titled “Business—Our Market Opportunity” for additional information on how we calculate our TAM. Today, our connectivity solutions are at the heart of major AI platforms deployed worldwide featuring both commercially available GPUs and proprietary AI accelerators. In the last four years, we have successfully introduced three revenue-generating product families across multiple form factors including ICs, boards, and modules, shipping millions of devices across all of the major hyperscalers. Our products, which include Aries PCIe ® /CXL ™ Smart DSP Retimers (“Aries”), Taurus Ethernet Smart Cable Modules ™ (“Taurus”), and Leo CXL Memory Connectivity Controllers (“Leo”), leverage our ICs that are built upon industry standard connectivity protocols such as PCIe, Ethernet, and CXL to address the growing demand for purpose-built connectivity solutions that solve critical data, network, and memory bottlenecks inherent in cloud and AI infrastructure. Since our inception, we have created and commercialized first-to-market PCIe, Ethernet, and CXL products, and, with more than 300 design wins, we have become a trusted partner and a proven supplier to our hyperscaler and system OEM customers. We have experienced strong growth since our founding in October 2017, and particularly since the commercial launch of Aries in 2020. Our revenue grew from $79.9 million in 2022 to $115.8 million in 2023, driven by a significant increase in demand for our products. We have made significant investments in the design and development of new products and platform enhancements, and, as a result, we have a history of net losses and have not yet achieved profitability on an annual basis. We incurred net losses of $58.3 million in 2022 and $26.3 million in 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $99.1 million and $125.4 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, our cash used in operating activities was $35.9 million and $12.7 million, respectively. Industry Background The Proliferation of Cloud Computing Over the past decade, we have witnessed the rapid global adoption of cloud computing. This shift towards the cloud is rapidly accelerating due to increasing demand for compute-intensive AI workloads that are truly optimized only when deployed at cloud scale. The transition to the cloud has been fueled by the unparalleled ease, flexibility, and security of deploying computing resources at scale, with minimal upfront required capital investment by users. Cloud infrastructure requires highly customized integration. Hyperscalers, which include public cloud service providers such as Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), Google Cloud Platform (“GCP”), and Microsoft Azure, are diverse and complex. Hyperscalers also include large organizations, such as Meta, and their infrastructure is highly optimized for proprietary workloads that run in their private clouds. The proliferation of cloud computing has resulted in several important changes in the semiconductor ecosystem as hyperscalers seek to provide differentiated solutions to their users. As such, hyperscalers are: • differentiating with custom hardware and processors; • redefining the technology roadmaps and supply chain requirements of their semiconductor suppliers; 2 Table of Contents • laser-focused on server uptime, scaling, and fleet reliability; and • committed to green data centers and environmental sustainability. Artificial Intelligence is the Era-Defining Technology Driving the Next Generation of Cloud Infrastructure AI touches many aspects of our daily lives today. According to IDC, by 2025, the Global 2000 organizations will allocate over 40% of their core IT spend to AI-related initiatives, leading to a double-digit increase in the rate of product and process innovations. Recent Generative AI (“GenAI”) advances, as demonstrated by the launch of ChatGPT by OpenAI in late 2022, have shown the unprecedented capabilities and immense potential for training LLMs to enhance applications across industries. However, these AI models continue to increase in size and complexity. Given their massive need for computing, GenAI is only practical at cloud scale. To address the performance and scalability requirements of AI and other compute-intensive applications, hyperscalers have adopted heterogeneous, “accelerated computing” architectures to target specific workloads. AI accelerators such as GPUs, TPUs, and FPGAs, with their massively parallel compute engines and high bandwidth connectivity to memory and data, are foundational to the AI infrastructure. To address increasingly larger and more complex AI workloads, hyperscalers interconnect tens of thousands of GPUs and other AI accelerators that process workloads in parallel across thousands of servers to increase system compute capacity. Existing Connectivity Solutions are Inadequate to Deploy AI Infrastructure at Cloud Scale GPUs and other AI accelerators are often the most expensive and scarce part of data centers. AI accelerators are efficient at computing, challenging the rest of the cloud and AI infrastructure to effectively transport data to and from them to maximize their utilization. However, GPUs and other AI accelerators often sit idle waiting for data to become available. Increasing the utilization of AI hardware presents a large challenge as well as a massive opportunity for connectivity suppliers. Purpose-built connectivity solutions that connect GPUs and other AI accelerators with each other directly or between servers are required to unleash AI accelerators’ full potential at cloud scale and solve the following critical data, network, and memory bottlenecks: Data and network bandwidth bottlenecks . The connectivity between GPUs, other AI accelerators, CPUs, storage devices, and networking subsystems in an AI platform must deliver ever-increasing bandwidth. Exploding signal integrity challenges . Data transfer rates across all protocols have been rapidly growing to support compute-intensive workloads, and the physical size of AI server clusters has grown as well, compounding the signal integrity problem. Memory wall . CPU performance has outpaced the ability for memory subsystems to provide CPUs with data and memory access, thereby limiting computing performance. Memory-intensive applications, such as AI, require ultra-fast memory bandwidth and significant memory capacity that must be simultaneously accessible by other AI accelerators in a cluster. Interconnect reliability and observability . When a single server or a single AI accelerator fails, or the network connecting them does not transfer data reliably, the entire AI server cluster will typically stop, re-synchronize, and restart, reducing infrastructure utilization, and increasing the time and cost required to train AI models. Cloud and AI infrastructure diversity drives connectivity solution complexity . Hyperscalers optimize their cloud infrastructure to meet the unique requirements of their users and internal business models. This requires customization and flexibility to support a wide range of use cases. 3 Table of Contents The bottleneck for AI deployments in the cloud has shifted from computing performance to connectivity. We believe a new approach for connectivity is required to address the data, network, and memory bottlenecks in a reliable, scalable, customizable, and interoperable manner for cloud and AI infrastructure. Our Solution Our patented software-defined Intelligent Connectivity Platform delivers critical connectivity performance, enables flexibility and customization, and supports observability and predictive analytics. We enhance the value of our platform with our Interoperability Lab (“Interop Lab”), where we validate performance and interoperability between our connectivity products and other data center infrastructure suppliers’ products in real-world scenarios. Our Products In the last four years, we have successfully introduced three revenue-generating product families across multiple form factors including ICs, boards, and modules that are built upon our software-defined IC architecture: Aries PCIe ® /CXL ™ Smart DSP Retimers . Our Aries products, which include our COSMOS software suite, are essential to enable higher PCIe/CXL data bandwidth and lower latency interconnectivity between various heterogeneous compute processors, storage, and network controllers. Aries digitally recovers degraded high-speed signals and retransmits a clean copy of the data, thereby extending the reach of existing cost-effective interconnects, while enabling higher data bandwidth. Taurus Ethernet Smart Cable Modules ™ . Our Taurus products are hardware modules based on our Taurus ICs that increase network connectivity bandwidth between servers and switches over copper media. Taurus modules incorporate our COSMOS software suite and extend Ethernet signaling reach at higher data rates, providing cost-effective, rack-level network connectivity for cloud and AI infrastructure, removing rack-level Ethernet connectivity bottlenecks. Leo CXL Memory Connectivity Controllers . Our Leo products allow our customers to overcome processor memory bandwidth bottlenecks and capacity limitations, while leveraging our COSMOS software suite’s built-in memory management and deep diagnostic capabilities. Leo ICs and boards enable expanding, sharing, and pooling of industry standard DRAM memory over high-speed serial links to support memory-intensive workloads running on AI accelerators and CPUs. COSMOS Software Suite Our COnnectivity System Management and Optimization Software, or COSMOS software suite, is foundational to our Intelligent Connectivity Platform. COSMOS is designed to enable our hyperscaler customers to seamlessly configure, manage, monitor, optimize, troubleshoot, and customize functions in our IC, board, and module products. COSMOS has a software component that operates on our customers’ BMC, SMC, BIOS, and/or operating system, and interfaces with other COSMOS software components running on microcontrollers integrated into our ICs, boards, and modules. Our software suite provides three distinct capabilities to our customers: Link Management . A critical purpose of COSMOS is to ensure secure and robust data link communication between devices in a computing system. Fleet Management . COSMOS allows real-time monitoring of and predictive maintenance for server fleets. Data from

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]