424B4 1 d577649d424b4.htm 424B4 424B4 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) Registration No. 333-280470 56,882,051 Shares Common Stock Lineage, Inc. We are offering 56,882,051 shares of our common stock. All of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are being sold by us. This is our initial public offering, and no public market currently exists for our common stock. The initial public offering price of our common stock is $78.00 per share. Our common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, under the symbol “LINE.” We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2020. To assist us in qualifying as a REIT, our charter prohibits, with certain exceptions, the beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 9.8% in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock or more than 9.8% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock. In addition, our charter contains various other restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common stock and capital stock. See “Description of Our Capital Stock—Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer” for a description of the ownership and transfer restrictions applicable to our common stock. After the completion of this offering, affiliates of Bay Grove Capital Group, LLC will continue to own a majority of the voting power of shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. See “Management—Controlled Company Exception” and “Principal Stockholders.” Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 55 for factors you should consider before investing in our common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Share Total Initial public offering price $ 78.00 $ 4,436,799,978 Underwriting discounts (1) $ 2.925 $ 166,379,999 Proceeds, before expenses, to us $ 75.075 $ 4,270,419,979 (1) We refer you to “Underwriters” beginning on page 371 of this prospectus for additional information regarding underwriting compensation. At our request, the underwriters have reserved six percent of the shares of common stock to be issued by us and offered by this prospectus for sale, at the initial public offering price, to (i) certain of our directors, officers and employees, (ii) friends and family members of certain of our directors and officers, (iii) individuals associated with certain of our customers, vendors, landlords and service providers and (iv) certain of our legacy investors, former owners of acquired companies and properties and other industry partners. The number of shares of common stock available for sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent these individuals purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares that are not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other shares offered by this prospectus. See “Underwriters—Directed Share Program” for additional information. To the extent that the underwriters sell more than 56,882,051 shares of common stock, the underwriters have the option, exercisable within 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to an additional 8,532,307 shares from us at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. KKR Capital Markets LLC is acting as our Lead financial advisor in connection with this offering. BDT & MSD Partners, Seven Lakes Partners, and Eastdil Secured Advisors, LLC are also acting as financial advisors in connection with this offering. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock to purchasers on or about July 26, 2024. Norges Bank Investment Management, a division of Norges Bank (the “cornerstone investor”), has indicated an interest in purchasing up to an aggregate of $900 million in shares of common stock in this offering at the initial public offering price. The shares of common stock to be purchased by the cornerstone investor will not be subject to a lock-up agreement with the underwriters. Because this indication of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, the cornerstone investor may determine to purchase more, less or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, less or no shares to the cornerstone investor. The underwriters will receive the same underwriting discounts and commissions on any of our shares of common stock purchased by the cornerstone investor as they will from any other shares of common stock sold to the public in this offering. Joint Bookrunning Managers Morgan Stanley Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC BofA Securities J.P. Morgan Wells Fargo Securities RBC Capital Markets Rabo Securities Scotiabank UBS Investment Bank Capital One Securities Truist Securities Evercore ISI Baird KeyBanc Capital Markets Mizuho PNC Capital Markets LLC Deutsche Bank Securities CBRE HSBC Piper Sandler Regions Securities LLC Co-Managers Blaylock Van, LLC Cabrera Capital Markets LLC C.L. King & Associates Drexel Hamilton Guzman & Company Loop Capital Markets Roberts & Ryan R. Seelaus & Co., LLC Prospectus dated July 24, 2024 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page LETTER FROM OUR CO-FOUNDERS vi PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 THE OFFERING 44 SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 47 RISK FACTORS 55 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 108 USE OF PROCEEDS 110 DISTRIBUTION POLICY 112 CAPITALIZATION 113 DILUTION 115 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 117 INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 162 BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 185 MANAGEMENT 232 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 245 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 281 STRUCTURE AND FORMATION OF OUR COMPANY 297 Page POLICIES WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN ACTIVITIES 308 DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF LINEAGE OP, LP 311 DESCRIPTION OF THE OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LINEAGE LOGISTICS HOLDINGS, LLC 321 PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 327 DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 329 CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF MARYLAND LAW AND OF OUR CHARTER ANDBYLAWS 334 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 341 FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 344 ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 368 UNDERWRITERS 371 LEGAL MATTERS 381 EXPERTS 382 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 383 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 Through and including August 18, 2024 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold allotment or subscription. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by us. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and any free writing prospectus prepared by us is accurate only as of their respective dates or on the date or dates which are specified in these documents. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. We use market data and industry forecasts and projections throughout this prospectus and, in particular, in the sections entitled “Prospectus Summary,” “Industry Overview” and “Business and Properties.” We have obtained certain of this information from a market study prepared for us in connection with this offering by CBRE, Inc., or CBRE, a nationally recognized real estate services firm. Such information is included in this prospectus in reliance on CBRE’s authority as an expert on such matters. Any forecasts prepared by CBRE are based on data (including third party data), models and experience of various professionals and are based on various assumptions, all of which are subject to change without notice. See “Experts.” In addition, we have obtained certain market and industry data from publicly available industry publications. These sources generally state that the information they provide has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the i Table of Contents accuracy and completeness of the information are not guaranteed. Capacity and market share data provided by the Global Cold Chain Alliance, or GCCA, reflects capacity of companies that report to GCCA. North American GCCA data includes GCCA’s estimate of capacity owned and operated by U.S. customers themselves based on data from U.S. Department of Agriculture surveys. Global GCCA data also reflects GCCA’s estimate of capacity of companies that do not report to GCCA. The forecasts and projections are based on industry surveys and the preparers’ experience in the industry, and there is no assurance that any of the projected amounts will be achieved. We have not independently verified this information. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In this prospectus, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental performance measures of our business, including NOI, segment NOI, FFO, Core FFO, Adjusted FFO, EBITDA, EBITDAre, Adjusted EBITDA, net debt, adjusted net debt and adjusted net debt to Adjusted EBITDA. For definitions of these metrics, reconciliations of these metrics to our net loss of $48.0 million and net income of $18.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and our net loss of $96.2 million, $76.0 million and $176.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and a statement of why our management believes the presentation of these metrics provides useful information to investors and any additional purposes for which management uses such metrics, see “Summary Selected Historical and Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial and Other Data—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Certain Terms Used in This Prospectus Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and phrases are used throughout this prospectus as described below: • “2024 Plan” means the Amended and Restated Lineage 2024 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time; • “average economic occupancy” means the average number of physical pallets on hand and any additional pallet positions otherwise contractually committed and paid for by customers for a given period divided by the approximate number of average physical pallet positions in our warehouses for the applicable period; • “average physical occupancy” means the average number of physical pallets on hand divided by the approximate number of average physical pallet positions in our warehouses for the applicable period; • “Bay Grove” means Bay Grove Capital Group, LLC, a private owner-operator firm founded by our Co-Founders and Co-Executive Chairmen, Adam Forste and Kevin Marchetti, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its affiliates (excluding BGLH but including our Co-Founders); • “BentallGreenOak” means BGO Cold Storage Holdings II, LP and, unless the context otherwise requires, its affiliates; • “BG Cold” means BG Cold, LLC, an affiliate of Bay Grove; • “BGLH” means BG Lineage Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Bay Grove; • “BGLH Restricted Units” means Class B units in BGLH that were issued as compensatory awards and are held by certain of our current and former executive officers, directors and employees; • “Cash Settlement” refers to the settlement by our legacy investors of their BGLH equity or Legacy OP Units for cash in connection with liquidity that we will have arranged, which settlement for cash will generally be effected pursuant to a sale of shares of our common stock back to us or a sale of OP units to us; • “CMBS” means commercial mortgage-backed securities; • “Co-Founders” means our Co-Executive Chairmen, Adam Forste and Kevin Marchetti; ii Table of Contents • “Core WMS” means Core Warehouse Management Systems; • “D1 Capital” means D1 Master Holdco II LLC and, unless the context otherwise requires, its affiliates; • “Delayed Draw Term Loan” means our senior unsecured term loan facility with an aggregate principal balance of approximately $2.4 billion; • “EBITDA” means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; • “formation transactions” means the formation transactions described under "Structure and Formation of our Company;” • “Founders Equity Share” means a share of the profits on, and solely borne by, legacy equity that accrues to BG Cold, and more specifically: (i) with respect to our operating partnership, the sub-unit of each Legacy Class A OP Unit referred to herein as the C-Piece Sub-Unit, which C-Piece Sub-Unit represents a share of the profits contained within each Legacy Class A OP Unit; such share of profits is calculated based on a historical formula applicable solely to our legacy investors and borne solely by the Legacy Class A OP Units (and not any other OP units); and such share of profits belongs to BG Cold; and (ii) with respect to BGLH, the right of the Class C units of BGLH to a share of the profits derived from each BGLH Class A unit; such share of profits is calculated based on a historical formula applicable solely to BGLH investors and borne solely within BGLH; and such share of profits belongs to BG Cold; • “fully diluted basis” means information is presented assuming all outstanding Legacy OP Units, OP units and OPEUs have been exchanged for shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis and all equity awards to be issued to our management and members of our board of directors in connection with this offering are outstanding (this definition is not the same as the meaning of “fully diluted” under GAAP); • “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the United States of America; • “ICE4 CMBS loan” means our secured senior mortgage debt that had an original principal amount of $2.35 billion; • “IT” means information technology; • “KPI” means key performance indicator; • “Legacy Class A OP Units” means a class of Legacy OP Units held by our legacy pre-offering investors that bears the Founders Equity Share; each Legacy Class A OP Unit represents the same proportionate share of ownership in our operating partnership as a single OP unit, but each Legacy Class A OP Unit is comprised of two sub-units, the A-Piece Sub-Unit and the C-Piece Sub-Unit, which have different beneficial owners; • “Legacy Class B OP Units” means a class of Legacy OP Units held by our legacy pre-offering investors (including certain of our current and former officers and employees) that does not bear the Founders Equity Share; each Legacy Class B OP Unit represents the same proportionate share of ownership in our operating partnership as a single OP unit; • “Legacy OP Units” means units of partnership interest in our operating partnership that represent pre-offering rights of legacy investors in our operating partnership; each Legacy OP Unit represents the same proportionate share of ownership in our operating partnership as a single OP unit; the Legacy OP Units are made up of both Legacy Class A OP Units and Legacy Class B OP Units; • “LHR” means the “Legacy Holder Representative” appointed by holders of Legacy OP Units to act as their representative pursuant to the partnership agreement of our operating partnership. The initial LHR will be an affiliate of BGLH; • “Lineage,” “we,” “our,” “us” and “our company” mean Lineage, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including our operating partnership; iii Table of Contents • “Lineage Holdings” means Lineage Logistics Holdings, LLC; • “Lineage OP” means Lineage OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; • “LMEP Units” means existing Class C Units in LLH MGMT Profits, LLC and LLH MGMT Profits II, LLC, which units are incentive equity interests held by certain of our current and former officers and employees; • “LTIP units” means units of our operating partnership intended to constitute “profits interests” within the meaning of the relevant IRS Revenue Procedure guidance; • “LVCP Awards” means awards granted under the LVCP Plans; • “LVCP Plans” means, collectively, the following historic incentive plans for certain of our officers and employees: the Lineage Logistics Holdings, LLC 2021 Value Creation Unit Plan, the Amended and Restated Lineage Logistics Holdings, LLC 2015 Value Creation Unit Plan and any other plan under which we or our affiliates have granted awards of “value creation units,” each as amended or supplemented from time to time; • “maintenance capital expenditures” means capitalized funds used to maintain assets that will result in an extended useful life; • “minimum storage guarantees” mean contractual provisions in our agreements with customers that provide us with minimum or fixed storage fees for pallet positions, whether or not a minimum number of pallet positions are physically occupied in a particular period; • “Nasdaq” means the Nasdaq Global Select Market; • “NOI” means net operating income; • “OPEUs” means units of our subsidiary, Lineage Holdings, that are intended to be economically equivalent to, and exchangeable into, OP units; • “OP units” means common units of partnership interest in our operating partnership; • “our operating partnership” means, prior to its conversion to a Maryland limited partnership in connection with the formation transactions, Lineage OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and after such conversion, Lineage OP, LP, a Maryland limited partnership, through which we will hold substantially all of our assets and conduct our operations; • “Oxford” means Oxford Properties Group, OMERS Administration Corporation or any of their respective affiliates; • “pro forma basis” means information is presented assuming the completion of this offering, the formation transactions and the other adjustments described in our unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus had occurred on March 31, 2024 for purposes of the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet data and on January 1, 2023 for purposes of the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of operations; • “REIT” means real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • “Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement” means our $4.5 billion revolving credit and term loan agreement; • “Revolving Credit Facility” means our $3.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility pursuant to the Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement; • “same warehouse” means warehouses that were owned, leased or managed for the entirety of two comparable periods and that have reported at least twelve months of consecutive normalized operations prior to January 1 of the prior calendar year; iv Table of Contents • “same warehouse NOI” means revenues for the same warehouse population less its cost of operations (excluding any depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and corporate-level general and administrative expenses, corporate-level acquisition, transaction, and other expense, corporate-level restructuring and impairment expense and gain or loss on sale of real estate); • “Securities Settlement” refers to the settlement by our legacy investors of their BGLH equity for shares of our common stock or their Legacy OP Units for OP units; • “segment NOI” means segment net operating income, calculated as a segment’s revenues less its cost of operations (excluding any depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, corporate-level general and administrative expenses, corporate-level acquisition, transaction, and other expense and corporate-level restructuring and impairment expenses); • “Senior Unsecured Notes” means, collectively, our Series A Senior Notes, Series B Senior Note, Series C Senior Notes, Series D Senior Notes, Series E Senior Note, Series F Senior Note, Series G Senior Note, Series H Senior Notes and Series I Senior Notes; • “stockholders agreement” means the stockholders agreement among us, BGLH, D1 Capital, Stonepeak, BentallGreenOak, Adam Forste and Kevin Marchetti that we intend to enter into in connection with this offering and the formation transactions; • “Stonepeak” means Stonepeak Aspen Holdings LLC and, unless the context otherwise requires, its affiliates; • “Term Loan” means our $1.0 billion senior unsecured term loan facility pursuant to the Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement; and • “throughput” means the volume of inbound pallets that enter our warehouses plus the volume of outbound pallets that exit our warehouses, divided by two. v Table of Contents LETTER FROM OUR CO-FOUNDERS Dear Prospective Investors, In 2008, from a small office on Battery Street in San Francisco, we committed to a simple but ambitious vision: to build a company that we would want to own forever. We were inspired by the type of business we would build, the people we would build it with and the belief we would build it to last. Sixteen years later, Lineage has come a long way in achieving that vision. Preparing for our IPO has allowed us to further distill our thinking—not only as we explain Lineage to you, but also as we define what success looks like for the next fifteen years and beyond. We are fond of saying that our IPO is the opposite of an exit. It is a new beginning. Now, as we take this important step, we think it would be helpful to share why we are going public. We have been privileged to raise a considerable amount of private capital from some of the highest quality investors in the world. We are humbled by their belief in Lineage and are grateful for their long-term alignment with us. We have no pressure to go public and believe a significant portion of our current investors will want to remain long-term owners of Lineage as a publicly traded company, ourselves included. Becoming a publicly traded company is a momentous decision and not without certain well-known considerations. However, we strongly believe the public market is the best way to deliver growth at scale by providing us with the advantages of a liquid currency and direct access to a lower cost of capital to further fuel our growth flywheel. Moreover, we believe that if we can remain true to what has made us successful as a private company, we will be even more successful as a publicly traded one. Many companies and investors talk about building for the long term. What that has meant for us from the beginning, and even more so today, is being focused on one thing: building Lineage into the most dynamic and durable company it can be. This has been our only focus for the last sixteen years and will remain our life’s work going forward. In fact, we believe we are still in the very early innings of a long, successful journey. After many years of making hard, expensive, forward-thinking decisions to build a forever company, establish an irreplaceable network and develop a differentiated technology platform, it is really beginning to get fun. The business we built. When we were getting our idea off the ground in late 2008, we wanted to build something durable that we could grow. The stability of cold storage and the opportunity to accretively deploy capital in a fragmented and growing industry really appealed to us. Most of all, we were drawn to the quiet complexity of something that seemed so simple from the outside. Acquiring Seafreeze and spending a year in Seattle learning how to make money in the business only reinforced our view that the operating intensity of this business was going to be our greatest moat. It was also clear that with effort, time and capital, we could pull powerful operating levers at a network-wide scale. We also saw enormous waste in the system—clear opportunities to innovate and make the asset, network, and ecosystem more efficient. It was readily apparent that the industry was not zero-sum but rather additive-sum and that we could simultaneously create customer value, grow shareholder value, and reduce resource consumption by building a better supply chain. Over the last sixteen years, we have invested our capital into our portfolio, as well as big data, automation, data science, and, most importantly, talent. We believe we have created a scaled, tech-enabled company with both tangible and intangible assets that can continue to compound value. We are also confident we can continue to do good while doing well by driving greater sustainability and reducing food waste at a global scale. The people we built with. It all started with our friendship from our early days in the bullpen at Morgan Stanley. We are fortunate to have grown that into a business partnership that continues to thrive after sixteen very intense years. The trust built from those early experiences, and a shared view that culture really matters, has been at our foundation from the beginning. vi Table of Contents We often remind ourselves that culture is extremely difficult to build and very easy to lose. Our personal reputation as founders and the reputation of Lineage is very important to us. We work hard with the leadership team to make Lineage a special, fulfilling, and safe place to work for our team members. We strive to do right by people inside and outside of our company, including investing in our communities and fighting food insecurity. We are committed to being an excellent partner to our customers, our suppliers, our investors, our communities, our advisors, and the companies we acquire. We do what we say we are going to do. At an even simpler level, it is about working with people you enjoy being around and having fun. Lineage’s esprit de corps is part of our secret sauce. We have been privileged to have so many incredible people join Lineage from diverse backgrounds and through acquired companies to create a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts. We have acquired numerous family-owned companies, and from our early days, we wanted Lineage to feel like a family. Fueled by our purpose—to transform the global food supply chain to eliminate waste and help feed the world—we work at building community every day, especially as our company has grown. For us, it is about getting to know our colleagues and their families and celebrating our wins together. But we also hold each other accountable, remain humble and acknowledge that every day is a day we can learn and do better together. As founders, we have been “all-in” since day one and have committed to building that ownership mindset throughout the organization. It led us to form our first employee equity ownership plan in 2010 and now inspires us to expand it into a broad-based equity plan as part of our IPO. A deep ownership mentality is a key to how Lineage has become what it is today and will be a crucible of how to keep our strong culture and our drive as a publicly traded company. Built for the future. For us, long term is an ethos. “Forever” was the defining idea from the beginning and led us to do many things differently than we might otherwise have if our horizon had been shorter. Partly because we started Lineage with a blank sheet as industry outsiders and partly due to the timing of when we started the company, we could shape what we wanted to build and do it in a differentiated way. For any key decision, we always asked ourselves to look into the distant future and imagine that Lineage was the disruptor in a global, mission-critical industry and work backwards from there. Often, the more difficult and more expensive solutions were the ones we believed would better position us for the competitive landscape in the future. After culture, we focused on portfolio design. Though we did not come from real estate backgrounds, we knew location matters and intentionally bought and built what we believed was the highest quality portfolio of buildings in the markets with the best rent growth potential and lowest cap rates. We often decided to pay a little more or construct at a higher quality because we believed it would provide the best and most sustainable long-term portfolio for our customers. We then invested to maintain those assets at the highest level. We intend to continue this approach as a publicly traded company and seek to deploy our capital into

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]