424B4 1 d577298d424b4.htm 424B4 424B4 Table of Contents Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) Registration No. 333-283296 8,800,000 Shares Class A Common Stock This is an initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock of ServiceTitan, Inc. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A common stock. The initial public offering price per share is $71.00. We have been approved to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “TTAN.” We have three classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock. The rights of holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes and is convertible at any time into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class C common stock is entitled to no votes, except as otherwise required by law. Upon the completion of this offering, no shares of Class C common stock will be issued and outstanding. Upon the completion of this offering, all shares of Class B common stock will be held by Ara Mahdessian and Vahe Kuzoyan, or our Co-Founders, who are both current executive officers and directors, and their respective affiliates. Accordingly, upon the completion of this offering, the shares held by our Co-Founders (including shares over which they have voting or administrative control) will represent approximately 64% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which voting power may increase over time as our Co-Founders exercise or vest in equity awards outstanding at the time of the completion of this offering. If all such equity awards held by our Co-Founders (including the Co-Founder PSUs referenced below) had been exercised or vested and settled in shares of Class B common stock as of the date of the completion of this offering, our Co-Founders would collectively hold approximately 75% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, our Co-Founders will be able to significantly influence or control any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. We are an “emerging growth company” as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and, as such, may elect to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements in future reports after the completion of this offering. See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 31 to read about factors you should consider before buying shares of our Class A common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Share Total Initial public offering price $ 71.00 $ 624,800,000 Underwriting discount (1) $ 3.905 $ 34,364,000 Proceeds, before expenses, to ServiceTitan, Inc. $ 67.095 $ 590,436,000 (1) See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. To the extent that the underwriters sell more than 8,800,000 shares of Class A common stock, the underwriters have the option to purchase up to an additional 1,320,000 shares of Class A common stock from ServiceTitan, Inc. at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount. At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 440,000 shares of our Class A common stock, or 5% of the shares offered in this offering, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to (i) individuals who reside in the United States and serve as the Chief Executive Officer, General Manager, Director, Vice President, a member of the C-suite, owner-operator or founder of one of our current customers and (ii) friends and family members of our Co-Founders. See the section titled “Underwriting—Directed Share Program.” The underwriters expect to deliver the shares against payment in New York, New York, on or about December 13, 2024. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Morgan Stanley Wells Fargo Securities Citigroup KeyBanc Capital Markets Truist Securities Canaccord Genuity Needham & Company Piper Sandler Stifel William Blair First Citizens Capital Securities Academy Securities Loop Capital Markets Prospectus dated December 11, 2024 Table of Contents Table of Contents Compared to anyone else, I dont think theres even a close second in terms of what ServiceTitan can provide their customers. Ken Haines, CEO Wrench Group Before ServiceTitan, I had limited visibility into our operations. We had reached our capacity, which restricted how I managed the company and limited my ability to make critical decisions, ultimately hindering our growth opportunities. ServiceTitan has changed all of that. Carrie Kelsch, Owner A Plus Garage Doors ServiceTitan is essential to our scalability. We cant standardize things without this operating system being in place. To be the best, we believe weve got to partner with the best, and thats ServiceTitan. Lincoln Walpole, CFO Any Hour Services As we started to grow, ServiceTitan became a necessity. It wasnt a matter of if wed transition to ServiceTitan, it was just a matter of when. Chris Hoffmann, CEO Hoffmann Brothers I realized ServiceTitan is the only software that has all the facets that we need to handle both commercial service and commercial construction. Kirsta Holliman, CFO Interstate AC I dont know how you can make good decisions quickly without having everything rolled into one system. Allen Sweeney, Owner APHIX ServiceTitan Table of Contents Table of Contents $685M $628 >95% Revenue for the 12 months ended July 31, 2024Gross Transaction Volume 1 for the 12 months ended July 31, 2024Gross Dollar Retention 1 for each of the last 10 fiscal quarters2 24%23%>110% YoY Revenue Growth3 for the three months ended July 31, 2024YoY Gross Transaction Volume Growth 1 for the three months ended July 31, 2024Net Dollar Retention 1 for each of the last 10 fiscal quarters2 $(183M)77%72% Net Loss for the 12 months ended July 31, 2024Non-GAAP Platform Gross Margin 4 for the 12 months ended July 31, 2024Platform Gross Margin 4 for the 12 months ended July 31, 2024 1. For definitions of Gross Transaction Volume, or GTV, and how we calculate net dollar retention rate and gross dollar retention rate, see the sections titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Overview," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Our Business Model" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Key Factors Affecting Our Business Performance," respectively. 2. As of July 31, 2024. 3. Our net loss was $51.5 million and $35.7 million for the three months ended July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2024, respectively. 4. See the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a reconciliation of GAAP Platform Profit Margin to Non-GAAP Platform Profit Margin. Table of Contents A LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS Our History Shapes our Future ServiceTitan was born in the trades and is built for the trades. Our story began in the late 1980s when our families immigrated to the U.S. with no money, no knowledge of the language and no jobs, but filled with optimism that a strong work ethic would bring opportunity. Helping families fix and service their homes became precisely that opportunity. First as technicians, then as small business owners, the "trades" ultimately allowed our parents to realize the American dream for our families. But it wasn't easy. Growing up, we'd see our fathers head out every morning at the crack of dawn only to come home late at night to their second job-managing the business. Our parents routinely spent hours after dinner typing invoices at the kitchen table, processing shoeboxes full of receipts and calculating timesheets to pay technicians. Our parents' sacrifice allowed us to study engineering at great universities. When we met during an Armenian Student Association ski trip, we immediately discovered how similar our stories were-our shared immigrant story, growing up in the trades and the years of having a front row seat to the struggle. After finishing school, we both returned home to see that our parents' businesses were frozen in time. The tools available ranged from legacy desktop applications to fragmented point solutions, and were simply not capable of supporting their needs. We knew we had to do something to help them, and whatever it was, it could not just be an improvement on what existed. It required a new paradigm that completely reimagined the approach from an end-to-end perspective that connected every aspect of a trades business under the umbrella of a single, unified solution. And ServiceTitan was born. Changing Lives and Achieving the Extraordinary Today, after more than a decade into building ServiceTitan, our parents are thankfully no longer our only customers. We've had the opportunity to partner with some amazing entrepreneurs that inspire us. They combine a selfless dedication to their communities with a level of ambition and business acumen rivaling any other industry. We wake up every day feeling blessed to partner with, interact and learn from our customers. When we began this journey, we had no idea how large the market really was. The systems that tradespeople service are invisible until they break, and then they're mission critical. Over the years, we've discovered the trades are a cornerstone of our economy. It's why, once you begin noticing trades vans on the street, you see them everywhere. Our mission is to make sure that the next generation of kids watching their heroes waking up at the crack of dawn to put bread on the table, never feel like those heroes are left behind by technology. We believe that the hard- working people in the trades deserve the best that technology has to offer. Our goal is to enable our customers to achieve a level of success in the trades that was once unimaginable. Not only for growing revenue and becoming more efficient in their businesses, but also for spending more time with their families. We believe the kitchen table is for dinner and homework, not working the night shift to manage the business. We only succeed when our customers succeed. Delivering ROI to our customers is our North Star. We are humbled by the trust that tradespeople put in our hands when they choose to implement ServiceTitan and see no other path but to do everything in our power to make each and every business that chooses ServiceTitan successful. Table of Contents We have seen and heard amazing stories about how ServiceTitan has changed our customers' lives and helped them achieve extraordinary results in every market that we serve. These stories and the impact we deliver is what gets us out of bed every morning and keeps us up late at night. Today, we are a market leader for trades businesses in both residential and commercial, and we continue to add platform capabilities expanding our solution and market reach every day. We are proud of the progress we have made, but we're just getting started. Since we started, our platform has grown to address more trades, more markets, and even more requirements of tradespeople. Today we serve over 10 trades and customers of all sizes, ranging from small family-owned shops with a few employees to others with over $1 billion in annual gross transaction volume. Along this journey, we've discovered that our most successful ventures are not the ones where we tell our customers where they should go next, but rather the ones in which our customers are already heading for a destination and they insist that they need ServiceTitan to journey with them. This philosophy has brought us into new trades like HVAC, garage and roofing as well as new markets, such as commercial. Over time, our vision is to be the operating system for all of the trades. Building a Dream Team Our incredible team of nearly 3,000 Titans has been critical to our success to date as well as our vision for the future. At the core of our cultural DNA lie three fundamental beliefs. First, our number one priority is delivering value to our customers. Customers always come first, the company second and the individual third. We exist to drive ROI to our customers, and every Titan understands that achieving this goal is a team sport. Customer centricity is the very core of who we are. Second, we have broad ambitions to dream big and build a once-in-a-generation company. We strive to achieve extraordinary outcomes for our customers, for our stockholders, and for ourselves. Third, we grow our dream team by cultivating a performance culture rooted in meritocracy, rewarding those who take ownership, dive deep and speak up. We believe that combining high standards with transparent communication is the bedrock to building a high-trust environment in which we are entitled to nothing and grateful for everything. We are hungry, we believe in our mission and hope you will join us in bringing leading edge technology to the trades to ensure that they never get left behind again. Ara and Vahe Table of Contents Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 31 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 76 INDUSTRY, MARKET AND OTHER DATA 78 USE OF PROCEEDS 80 DIVIDEND POLICY 81 CAPITALIZATION 82 DILUTION 86 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 89 BUSINESS 121 MANAGEMENT 156 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 164 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 179 PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 186 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 190 DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS 200 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 202 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS 207 UNDERWRITING 211 LEGAL MATTERS 218 EXPERTS 218 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 218 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 Through and including January 5, 2025 (the 25 th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold allotment or subscription. Neither we nor any of the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectuses we have prepared. Neither we nor any of the underwriters take responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our Class A common stock. For investors outside the United States: Neither we nor any of the underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of our Class A common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our Class A common stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. The last day of our fiscal year is January 31, and our fiscal quarters end on April 30, July 31, October 31 and January 31. Our fiscal years ended January 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 are referred to herein as fiscal 2019, fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025, respectively. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company,” and “ServiceTitan” refer to ServiceTitan, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references to our “common stock” include our Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock. Overview ServiceTitan is the operating system that powers the trades . We are modernizing a massive and technologically underserved industry—an industry commonly referred to as the “trades.” The trades consist of the collection of field service activities required to install, maintain, and service the infrastructure and systems of residences and commercial buildings. Tradespeople—like your local plumber, roofer, landscaper, HVAC technician and others who are employed in the trades—are immensely skilled and extensively trained. They are the essential, unsung heroes who work tirelessly to ensure that our needs are met where we live or work, ready at a moment’s notice to leave their families in the middle of the night to go across town to help others. The trades constitute a large, expanding cornerstone of our economy. There are hundreds of thousands of trades businesses providing essential services in every corner of the country. Based on internal analysis of industry data, we estimate the customers of trades businesses, which we refer to as “end customers,” spend approximately $1.5 trillion annually on trades services for homes and businesses in the United States and Canada alone. 1 Despite the size and criticality of the trades and the specialized skills of tradespeople, technology solutions have generally not evolved to address their needs. Thus, many trades are forced to rely on a variety of inadequate tools to manage their workflows. As a result, before software like ours was created, we believe tradespeople were unable to fully harness the transformative benefits of modern technology to improve both their businesses and quality of life. ServiceTitan was born in the trades and built for the trades. Our founders, Ara Mahdessian and Vahe Kuzoyan, are the sons of trades business owners. They grew up watching their parents work late into the night after full days in the field—balancing the books, preparing invoices and scheduling the next day’s work—manually performing repetitive tasks that consumed their time and diverted their energy away from what they loved: serving customers and spending time with their families. Ara and Vahe founded ServiceTitan to provide tradespeople, like their parents, with technology that is purpose-built to help trades businesses thrive. We built our cloud-based software platform to offer end-to-end capabilities to manage complex workflows, connect key stakeholders and provide impactful industry best practices. ServiceTitan remains to this day maniacally focused on the success of our customers as we fundamentally believe that our customers’ success leads to our success. ServiceTitan provides an end-to-end, cloud-based software platform that connects and manages a wide array of business workflows such as advertising, job scheduling and management, dispatching, generating estimates and invoices, payment processing and more. We designed our platform to be the operating system for the trades, to 1 See the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data” for a description of how we calculate trades spend in the United States and Canada. 1 Table of Contents assimilate features, capabilities and best-practices across trades for all of our customers and to provide them with a playbook to scale and operate more efficiently. Tradespeople spend their days interfacing with the ServiceTitan platform across what we believe to be the five most business-critical functions, or the “core centers of gravity,” inside a trades business: CRM (customer relationship management, including sales enablement, marketing automation and customer service), FSM (field service management, including scheduling and dispatching), ERP (enterprise resource planning, including inventory), HCM (human capital management, including compensation and payroll integration) and FinTech (including payments and third-party consumer financing). By offering interoperable capabilities in all five centers of gravity, we continuously capture comprehensive data insights across key workflows in a trades business. We believe these data insights position us to deliver differentiated value to our customers and to develop durable customer relationships, as demonstrated by our gross dollar retention rate of over 95% for each of the last ten fiscal quarters. 2 We are intimately aware of the challenges our customers face every day. Our software has been built on tens of thousands of hours of customer interactions and billions of data points collected from tradespeople’s live usage. Our close customer proximity and deep connection with the industry enable us to make evidence-based recommendations that can improve our customers’ business outcomes by identifying and replicating what works and fixing what does not. Our insights are augmented by the vast amounts of structured and unstructured data that we synthesize into best practices. These insights are then delivered across automated workflows, many of which we enhance with artificial intelligence, or AI, to address the distinct vertical-specific needs of the trades. Our comprehensive capabilities help our customers manage, grow and further professionalize their businesses, positioning them to realize the following impactful outcomes: • Accelerate Revenue. Our suite of products provides powerful tools to help our customers drive more sales by helping them to determine which end customers to target, marketing to end customers effectively and optimizing the process to convert and retain end customers by making the job-booking process as seamless as possible. We also continuously refine and provide data-backed industry best practice playbooks to train technicians to be effective sales representatives and build trust with the end customer. • Drive Operational Efficiency. Our platform helps to increase overall productivity by seamlessly integrating our customers’ often fragmented business processes. Our tools enable office staff and technicians to collaborate more effectively and focus on their end customers’ needs by providing access to consistent and real-time information, automating back-office workflows and enabling payment collection on-site. • Deliver a Superior End-Customer Service Experience. Our tools help the trades provide the kind of modern, convenient, mobile-first end-customer experience that earns five-star reviews and builds brand loyalty, where the end customer is typically a homeowner, business owner or property manager. Our tools enable customers to deliver transparent, seamless end-customer outcomes from the initial call through job completion and on-site payment collection, and then receive immediate feedback through reviews to make any necessary refinements or remediations to confirm end-customer satisfaction. Further, our embedded position in the trades ecosystem allows us to proactively monitor shifting end-customer expectations and continuously innovate around them. • Provide a Differentiated Employee Experience . Our software delivers cutting-edge tools that improve experiences for office staff and can increase commissions for technicians. We arm technicians with relevant data and a suite of capabilities that empower them to be more knowledgeable and productive at the job site, ultimately delivering an enhanced end-customer experience. These tools are designed to drive higher average ticket sizes and better end-customer reviews and retention, which in turn can lead to higher commissions for technicians while minimizing their time spent on menial tasks. We believe 2 As of July 31, 2024. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Factors Affecting Our Business Performance” for a description of how we calculate gross dollar retention rate. 2 Table of Contents higher commission opportunities, in tandem with the efficiency and employee experience benefits enabled by our platform, help to increase employee morale and retention in an industry facing competition over a shortage of skilled labor. Our customers’ technicians also benefit from being at the forefront of technology powering the trades, which can further drive technician retention at ServiceTitan-powered businesses. • Heighten Business Owners’ Visibility, Control and Peace of Mind. Our platform offers our customers real-time insights into key business workflows through customizable dashboards that can be accessed essentially anywhere, anytime. We empower our customers to make optimal high-impact, data-driven decisions for their businesses. Through this enhanced sense of control combined with the meaningful benefits we can deliver to business owners’ operational results, our tools are designed to deliver peace of mind to owners of trades businesses that their businesses are running smoothly and they are on an informed path to success. We serve many trades, including plumbing, electrical, HVAC, garage door, pest control, landscaping and others. In fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024 and the 12 months ended July 31, 2023 and 2024, we processed $44.9 billion, $55.7 billion, $50.6 billion and $62.0 billion of Gross Transaction Volume, or GTV, respectively. GTV represents the sum of total dollars invoiced by our customers to end customers through our platform in a given period, which is intended to be a proxy for the total revenue our customers generate from their end customers. We define a customer as a parent organization, which may have multiple locations, brands or subsidiaries, that has been billed in the prior three months, and of those customers we define Active Customers as customers with over $10,000 of annualized billings. 3 Our customers have ranged in size from family-owned contractors with a few employees to large franchises with national footprints of over 500 locations and over $1 billion in annual GTV. As of January 31, 2023 and 2024, we had approximately 6,800 Active Customers and approximately 8,000 Active Customers, respectively, representing over 95% and over 96% of our annualized billings, respectively. During fiscal 2024, our customers performed jobs in zip codes representing approximately 98.5% of the U.S. population, based on U.S. census data as of 2022. In fiscal 2024, approximately 109 million jobs were completed by our customers through our platform. As a testament to our platform’s ability to scale with our customers, as of January 31, 2024, we had over 1,000 customers with annualized billings exceeding $100,000 on our platform, a number which has roughly doubled since January 31, 2022. Customers with annualized billings exceeding $100,000 on our platform represented over 50% of annualized billings as of January 31, 2024. We have two general categories of revenue: (i) platform revenue and (ii) professional services and other revenue. The substantial majority of our revenue is platform revenue, which we generate through (a) subscription revenue generated from access to and use of our platform, including subscriptions to our Core and certain Pro products, and (b) usage-based revenue generated from transactions using our FinTech solutions, usage of certain Pro products and other usage-based services. We land with our Core product, which offers a base-level functionality across all key workflows, including call tracking, scheduling, dispatching, end-customer communications, marketing automation, estimating, job costing, sales, inventory and payroll integration. To supplement our Core product and provide an even higher level of functionality, we offer our Pro products, which provide value-additive capabilities, as well as our FinTech products, which include payment processing and third-party financing solutions. Together, we refer to our Pro and FinTech products as “add-on products.” Our net dollar retention rate, which we view as a measure of our customers’ growth and success on our platform, was over 110% for each of the last ten fiscal quarters. 4 As our customer base has grown, we have seen a gradual normalization of our quarterly net dollar retention rate over the last ten fiscal quarters. During this period, our quarterly net dollar retention rate declined by seven percentage points, of which a two percentage point decline occurred in the last twelve months between July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2024. We also generate a small portion of revenue from professional services and other sources, with this type of revenue generally earned when we onboard new customers. 3 See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Our Business Model” for a

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]