424B5 1 ea0220456-424b5_sound.htm PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration Statement No. 333-273393 Registration Statement No. 333-283101 Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated August 4, 2023) SOUNDHOUND AI, INC. Up to $120,000,000 of Shares of Class A Common Stock SoundHound AI, Inc. (“SoundHound AI,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) has entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the “Agreement”) by and among Barclays Capital Inc., Piper Sandler & Co., D.A. Davidson & Co., H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC and Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC (each a “Manager” and collectively, the “Managers”) relating to the sale of shares of our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “common stock” or the “Class A Common Stock”), offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In accordance with the terms of the Agreement, we may offer and sell up to $120,000,000 of shares of our common stock from time to time through or to the Managers acting as agent or principal. Our Class A Common Stock is listed on the Global Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SOUN.” On November 7, 2024, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq was $6.95 per share. Sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made in negotiated transactions, including block trades, or transactions that are deemed to be ‘‘at the market’’ offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, including sales made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions, including directly on Nasdaq or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices or by any other method permitted by law. The Managers are not required to sell any specific dollar amount of shares but will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on our behalf all of the shares of common stock requested to be sold by us, consistent with their normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between us and the Managers. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. The Managers may also purchase shares of our common stock as principal. The Managers will be entitled to aggregate compensation at a fixed commission rate of 2.5% of the gross sales price per share sold. In connection with the sale of our common stock on our behalf, the Managers may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of the Managers may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page S-9 for additional information regarding underwriting compensation. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the Managers with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of this prospectus supplement and in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Barclays Piper Sandler D.A. Davidson & Co. H.C. Wainwright & Co. Joseph Gunnar & Co. LLC The date of this prospectus supplement is November 8, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT About This Prospectus Supplement S-ii Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements S-iii Prospectus Supplement Summary S-1 The Offering S-3 Risk Factors S-4 Use of Proceeds S-6 Dilution S-7 Description of Securities We Are Offering S-8 Plan of Distribution S-9 Legal Matters S-10 Experts S-10 Where You Can Find More Information S-10 Incorporation of Certain Information By Reference S-11 Page PROSPECTUS About this Prospectus ii Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements iii Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 5 Use of Proceeds 6 Plan of Distribution 7 Description of Securities We May Offer 10 Forms of Securities 23 Legal Matters 25 Experts 25 Where You Can Find More Information 25 Incorporation of Information by Reference 25 We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This prospectus supplement and any later prospectus supplement is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. You should assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents. S- i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document contains two parts. The first part is the prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and also updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Under this prospectus supplement, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $120,000,000 from time to time at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of offering. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of a “shelf” registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-273393) that we initially filed with the SEC, on July 24, 2023, and that was declared effective by the SEC on August 4, 2023. On November 8, 2024, we filed an additional registration statement on Form S-3 MEF (File No. 333-283101) with the SEC pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), increasing the total gross proceeds available under our shelf registration statement by $20,000,000. Such additional registration statement became effective upon filing. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the information contained in the accompanying prospectus or any document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC before the date of this prospectus supplement, on the other hand, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date — for example, a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement — the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. You should read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in their entirety before making an investment decision. You should also read and consider the information in the sections of this prospectus supplement entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” We have not, and the Managers have not, authorized any other person to provide you with information that is in addition to or different from the information included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offering of the common stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the common stock and the distribution of this prospectus supplement outside the United States. This prospectus supplement does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus supplement by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation. We further note that the representations, warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to such agreement, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly, such representations, warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. This prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus contain, or incorporate by reference, trademarks, tradenames, service marks and service names of SoundHound AI, Inc. and its subsidiaries. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may also contain trademarks and trade names that are the property of their respective owners. S- ii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, including statements regarding future events, our future financial performance, business strategy, including our acquisition strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including “anticipates,” “believes,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “should,” or “will” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under “Risk Factors” or elsewhere in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, which may cause our or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to vary materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a regulated and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short term and long term business operations, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein, and in particular, the risks discussed below and under the heading “Risk Factors” and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus supplement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statement. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this prospectus supplement. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus supplement to conform our statements to actual results or changed expectations. Any forward-looking statement you read in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any document incorporated by reference herein or therein reflects our views at the time the forward-looking statement was made with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, operating results, growth strategy and liquidity. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as to the date when made. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as otherwise required by applicable law. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports on Forms 10-Q, 8-K and 10-K filed with the SEC. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. S- iii PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in our Company. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. In particular, attention should be directed to our “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the financial statements and related notes thereto contained herein or otherwise incorporated by reference hereto, before making an investment decision. Company Overview We are a global leader in conversational intelligence, offering independent Voice AI solutions that enable businesses to deliver high-quality conversational experiences to their customers. Built on proprietary technology, SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous languages to product creators across automotive, TV, and IoT, and to customer service industries via groundbreaking AI-driven products like Smart Answering, Smart Ordering, and Dynamic Interaction™, a real-time, multimodal customer service interface. Along with SoundHound Chat AI, a powerful voice assistant with integrated Generative AI, SoundHound powers millions of products and services, and processes billions of interactions each year for world class businesses. We believe voice-enabled conversational user interface is a more natural interface for nearly all use cases, and product creators should have the ability to design, customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize the interface to their own product, as opposed to outsourcing it to a third-party assistant. For example, using SoundHound, businesses can voice-enable their products so consumers can say things like, “Turn off the air conditioning and lower the windows,” while in their cars, “Find romantic comedies released in the last year,” while streaming on their TV and even place food orders before arriving at a restaurant by talking to their cars, TVs or other IoT devices. Additionally, SoundHound’s technology can address complex user queries such as, “Show me all restaurants within half a mile of the Space Needle that are open past 9 pm on Wednesdays and have outdoor seating,” and follow-on qualifications such as “Okay, don’t show me anything with less than 3 stars or fast food.” The SoundHound developer platform, Houndify, is an open-access platform that allows developers to leverage SoundHound’s Voice AI technology and a library of over 100 content domains, including commonly used domains for points of interest, weather, flight status, sports and more. SoundHound’s Collective AI is an architecture for connecting domain knowledge that encourages collaboration and contribution among developers. The architecture is based on proprietary software engineering technology, CaiLAN (Conversational AI Language), and machine learning technology, CaiNET (Conversational AI Network) to ensure fast, accurate and appropriate responses. Our market position is strengthened by the technical barriers to entry in the Voice AI space, which tend to discourage new market participants. Furthermore, our technology is backed by significant investments in intellectual property, with over 155 patents granted and over 115 patents pending, spanning multiple fields including speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, monetization and more. We have achieved this critical momentum in part thanks to a long-tenured leadership team with deep expertise and proven ability to attract and retain talent. We believe that SoundHound has extensive technical expertise and a proven track record of innovation and value creation for us to continue to attract customers in the growing market for Voice AI transactions, which is estimated to grow to over $140 billion per year by 2024. We believe that SoundHound is well-positioned to fill the growing void and demand for an independent Voice AI platform. The Voice AI offerings from big tech companies are primarily an extension of their more core services and offerings. Rather than strengthening a customer’s product, it can take over the entire experience, thus disintermediating our brand, users and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech may lose their ability to innovate, differentiate and customize. In some cases, these providers even compete with the products they support, making them increasingly less attractive as a choice for a voice interface. The alternative options are generally legacy vendors tending to use what we consider to be dated technologies at a high price. Furthermore, many of these technologies still require significant effort by the product creators to turn them into solutions that can compete with the quality of the big tech offering, which in many cases is not practical. Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, there are not many independent players. S- 1 This creates a great opportunity for SoundHound: we believe that we provide disruptive technologies that are superior to the alternatives, with better terms, allowing customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data and define their own privacy policies, while being able to customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize. When it comes to criteria for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe that the first two criteria customers typically consider are technology and brand control. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we provide a white label solution giving our customers control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we offer our customers the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience. We also expect to provide an additional path to monetization for our customer base. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while making their product better by using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform. We believe that we offer a superior ecosystem, benefiting from our Collective AI product architecture along with offering customers definable privacy controls, which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do). We also offer edge and hybrid solutions. This means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. We aim to deliver the most advanced Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands. We strongly believe that product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and will have Voice AI customized in different ways. Product creators can each tap into a single Collective AI to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate on top of Collective AI and create value for the end users in their own way. This is the future that we are focusing on enabling. When a product is voice enabled, we see three stages of integration and value propositions. The first stage is to enable the core use case of the product. For example, the product could be a TV, a coffee machine, a car, a wearable device, a robot, a smart speaker, an appliance or other devices, and with your voice you can control the functionality of the device and the product. With a TV, you can ask it to change the channel, increase the volume, rewind by 30 seconds, search for movies and even add personalization by adding a TV show to your favorites. Note that this is different from adding a third-party voice assistant to the product. Our view is that every product needs to have an interface, and voice-AI is a natural and compelling interface that unlocks new use cases and potential. Consider just the simple example of rewinding or fast forwarding by a specific duration. That is a command that can be done with voice in only few seconds, but it can take many steps to use alternative interfaces such as a remote control or a companion app. Once the core features of a product are voice-enabled, it can be further enhanced in the second stage of integration: the addition of third-party content and domains. SoundHound has extensive partnerships with content providers and, through these partnerships, can fulfill many needs of our customers. For example, your TV, car or even a coffee machine can answer questions about weather, sports scores, stock prices or flight status, and even search for a local business. The addition of these public domains further enhances the value proposition of the product. Finally, as the third step, you enter the world of monetization where you can add features that deliver value to the end user, and also generate revenues that we share with the product creators. To summarize with an example, imagine walking up to your coffee machine and asking for a triple shot extra hot latte. While you are waiting for your drink, you can ask for weather and sports scores, and if you desire, you can even order bagels from your favorite nearby bakery. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 5400 Betsy Ross Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054, and our telephone number is (408) 441-3200. Our corporate website address is www.soundhound.com . The information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement. S- 2 THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us: Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $120,000,000. Manner of offering “At the market offering” that may be made from time to time through our Managers. See “Plan of Distribution” on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement. Use of proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from these sales, if any, to repay certain of our long term indebtedness, for general corporate purposes and working capital, which may include investing in or acquiring synergistic or complementary businesses, assets or technologies. See “Use of Proceeds” on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement. Risk factors Your investment in our securities involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Global Market symbol “SOUN” S- 3 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors we describe in this prospectus supplement in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” together with the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, or any Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, that is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement after the date of this prospectus supplement. Although we discuss key risks in those risk factor descriptions, additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business or financial condition. Risks Related to This Offering It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under the Agreement, nor the gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Subject to certain limitations in the Agreement and compliance with applicable law, we have the discretion to deliver a placement notice to the Managers at any time throughout the term of the Agreement. The number of shares that are sold through the Managers after delivering a placement notice will fluctuate based on a number of factors, including the market price of the common stock during the sales period, the limits we set with the Selling Manager (as defined below) in any applicable placement notice and the demand for our common stock during the sales period. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate during the sales period, it is not currently possible to predict the number of shares that will be sold or the gross proceeds to be raised in connection with those sales, if any. The common stock offered hereby will be sold in “ at the market offerings, ” and investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Investors who purchase shares in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices, and so they may experience different levels of dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. We will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices and numbers of shares sold in this offering. In addition, there is no minimum or maximum sales price for shares to be sold in this offering. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase in this offering as a result of sales made at prices lower than the prices they paid. We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash and may invest or spend the proceeds in ways with which you do not agree and in ways that may not yield a return on your investment. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering, including for any of the purposes described in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds,” and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding such application. You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. Our management might not apply the net proceeds or our existing cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If we do not invest or apply the net proceeds from this offering or our existing cash and cash equivalents in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected business and financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. If you purchase our common stock in this offering, you may experience immediate and substantial dilution. The offering price per share in this offering may exceed the net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding prior to this offering. Assuming that an aggregate of $120,000,000 of shares of our common stock are sold in this offering at a price of $6.95 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq on November 7, 2024, for aggregate net proceeds of approximately $117 million after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, and after giving effect to our sales in the Prior ATM Program (as defined below), you will experience immediate dilution of $5.91 per share. The actual amount of dilution to investors in this offering will depend on the sales price

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]