424B5 1 d33879d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-277373 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated February 26, 2024) 1,750,000 Shares Common Stock We are offering 1,750,000 shares of our common stock. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “SITM.” On June 25, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market was $203.75 per share. Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9 and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. PRICE $200.00 PER SHARE Price to Public Underwriting Discounts and Commissions (1) Proceeds to SiTime (Before Expenses) Per share $ 200.00 $ 7.00 $ 193.00 Total $ 350,000,000 $ 12,250,000 $ 337,750,000 (1) See “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 262,500 shares of common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock to purchasers on or about June 27, 2025. UBS Investment Bank Stifel Needham & Company Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Raymond James Roth Capital Partners Prospectus Supplement dated June 25, 2025 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Page About This Prospectus Supplement S-ii Prospectus Supplement Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-9 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements S-11 Use of Proceeds S-13 Dilution S-14 Capitalization S-15 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations For Non-U.S. Holders S-16 Underwriting S-20 Legal Matters S-29 Experts S-29 Where You Can Find Additional Information S-29 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference S-30 PROSPECTUS Page About This Prospectus ii Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 5 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 6 Use of Proceeds 8 Description of Capital Stock 9 Description of Debt Securities 13 Description of Warrants 20 Legal Ownership of Securities 22 Selling Securityholders 25 Plan of Distribution 25 Legal Matters 28 Experts 28 Where You Can Find Additional Information 28 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 28 S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and which automatically became effective upon filing, on February 26, 2024. Under the shelf registration statement we may, from time to time, offer and sell, either individually or in combination, in one or more offerings and in unlimited amounts, shares of our common stock or preferred stock, debt securities and warrants, including shares of our common stock or preferred stock upon conversion of debt securities, shares of our common stock upon conversion of preferred stock, or shares of our common stock or preferred stock or debt securities upon the exercise of warrants. This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this common stock offering and also adds to and updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. The second part, the accompanying prospectus, provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer to this prospectus, we are referring to both parts of this document combined. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the information contained in the accompanying prospectus or any document incorporated by reference herein or therein filed prior to the date of this prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement; provided that if any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. The information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, including the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, is accurate only as of the respective dates thereof, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or of any sale of our common stock. It is important for you to read and consider all information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, including the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, in making your investment decision. See the sections titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference” in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We and the underwriters are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the offering of the common stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the common stock and the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus outside the United States. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus contain and incorporate by reference market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information, and we have not independently verified this information. Although we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the market and industry data presented in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, these estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed S-ii Table of Contents under the heading “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any related free writing prospectus we authorize for use in connection with this offering to “SiTime,” “the company,” “we,” “us,” “our” and similar references refer to SiTime Corporation, a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware, and its consolidated subsidiaries. S-iii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights certain information about us, this offering and selected information contained elsewhere in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. For a more complete understanding of our company and this offering, you should read and consider carefully the more detailed information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, including the factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus supplement beginning on page S-9 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, along with our consolidated financial statements and notes to those consolidated financial statements and the other information incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as in any free writing prospectus we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, before making an investment decision. Company Overview We are a leading provider of precision timing (“Precision Timing”) solutions to the global electronics industry. Our Precision Timing solutions are the heartbeat of our customers’ electronic systems, providing the timing functionality that is needed for electronics to operate reliably and accurately. We provide Precision Timing solutions that are differentiated by high performance, high resilience, and high reliability, along with programmability, small size, and low power consumption. Our products have been designed into 400 applications across our target markets, including communications, datacenter and enterprise, automotive, industrial, aerospace, mobile, Internet of Things (“IoT”), and consumer. Our current solutions include various types of oscillators, as well as clock integrated circuits (“ICs”) and resonators. Our all-silicon solutions are based on three fundamental areas of technical expertise: micro-electro-mechanical systems (“MEMS”), analog mixed-signal design, and advanced system-level integration. This expertise, along with the knowledge of our customers’ systems, gives our products a significant edge as we address customers’ complex timing problems. In this aspect, we believe we are different than quartz-based oscillator and resonator providers, who typically have expertise in designing and manufacturing resonator components, but usually outsource the analog circuit design and packaging. We also have a deep understanding of the mechanical, electrical, and thermal properties of materials, which is a key requirement for developing our proprietary MEMS processes and the final oscillator or clock product which integrates the MEMS with the analog and packaging. To maximize MEMS first-silicon success, we have also developed our own MEMS simulation tools. We are also different in that our MEMS resonators are made using semiconductor technology which has significant benefits in features, performance, and manufacturing, while the quartz resonator and oscillator suppliers use quartz crystal material. In all of these markets, the trend for increased data transfer at higher speeds and demand for lower latency continues to grow. This requires higher levels of performance in timing and synchronization. Additionally, as electronics continue to proliferate in all industries and areas of our daily life, digital devices are increasingly subjected to less controlled environments, making resiliency to environmental stressors ever more important. These industry trends place higher demands on timing components, increasing the importance of resilient and reliable Precision Timing. According to Dedalus Consulting – Frequency Control Components: Global Markets by Products, End-users, Applications & Competition: 2024-2030 Analysis & Forecasts and our estimates, the total timing market is approximately $10 billion in size, and it is expected to grow to $11 billion by 2027. Dedalus Consulting estimates that oscillators, clocks, and standalone resonators will represent total addressable markets of S-1 Table of Contents approximately $4 billion, $3 billion and $4 billion, respectively, by 2027. Since our founding, we have focused on the portion of the market that concentrates on the requirement for compelling solutions to solve difficult timing problems. Historically, our revenue has been substantially derived from sales of oscillator systems across our target end markets. The cumulative number of units shipped by us since inception expanded from over 1.5 billion in 2019 to approximately 3.5 billion in 2025. Additionally, since our initial public offering in 2019, the number of end customers with over $5 million in annual revenue grew from two to ten. Our silicon MEMS process has proprietary simulation tools which we estimate can accelerate development by up to two years. Based on our internal estimates, our OCXOs deliver up to five times better performance compared to quartz OCXOs in combination of power, size, performance and resilience metrics, and our TCXOs deliver up to five times better stability compared to quartz TCXOs. In addition to other packages, we have 10 internally developed packages that, based on our internal estimates, we believe would take up to 10 years to replicate. These internally developed packages, combined with our systems expertise, enable us to deliver up to 50 times better resilience than comparable quartz-based solutions. We have also developed our own test tools that we believe deliver up to two times better testing throughput. Additionally, we believe that our 1588 synchronization software integrated with our timing devices delivers up to nine times better time accuracy than quartz. We believe we are different from the traditional clock IC suppliers, which typically rely on quartz timing companies to obtain a discrete resonator that resides on the board. Some of our clock solutions already integrate a MEMS resonator inside the package, and where needed, some of our future roadmap products will do the same, allowing us to deliver a complete solution to the customer, one that has performance, resilience, and integration benefits. In December 2023, we acquired clocking products through the acquisition of certain assets and the exclusive license to certain intellectual property from Aura Semiconductor Pvt. Ltd. and certain of its affiliated entities (collectively, “Aura”) relating to Aura’s timing business and clock products that significantly expands our presence within the clocking market. Total consideration paid in the acquisition included approximately $148 million in fixed payments and up to $120 million in earnouts. With the addition of all four categories of clock products, including network synchronizers, jitter cleaners, clock generators, and buffers, we now offer a comprehensive portfolio of timing solutions. By pairing the new SiTime clocking products with our MEMS oscillators and/or our resonators, we expect to be able to offer a more complete clock tree that is simpler to design, with higher performance, more resilience to environmental stressors, and higher reliability. The Opportunity for Advanced Solutions From high-performance network infrastructure equipment to low-power battery-operated devices, Precision Timing solutions enable virtually all electronics, as timing is fundamental in orchestrating the functionality of electronic systems — from providing a reference frequency for processing components (e.g., graphics processing units, microprocessors, microcontrollers, SoCs, ASICs, Field Programmable Gate Arrays) to synchronizing the transfer of data. The complexity of such timing solutions increases significantly with the performance requirements of the systems in which they are used. At the time of our initial public offering in 2019, we estimated that our serviceable addressable market was $1 billion, and we estimate that our serviceable addressable market will reach $4 billion by 2027. We calculate that the revenue from the end markets we serve has evolved over time from 12% in communications, enterprise and datacenter, 23% in automotive, industrial and aerospace, and 65% in consumer, mobile, and IoT in 2019, to 39% in communications, enterprise and datacenter, 29% in automotive, industrial and aerospace, and 32% in consumer, mobile, and IoT in the twelve- month period ended March 31, 2025. S-2 Table of Contents Below are some examples of end markets in which we believe our silicon-based timing is enabling, or has the potential to enable, greater functionality than legacy solutions: Communications, Enterprise, and Datacenter Communications infrastructure equipment used in wireless base stations, wired infrastructure equipment, enterprise networks, cloud data centers, and artificial intelligence infrastructure must provide high performance and stability in demanding environments. High-density data processing in particular can drive rapid changes in ambient temperatures, and vibrations, which can cause data corruption and network shutdowns, and can lead to higher operating costs. Our Precision Timing solutions are designed to be resilient to harsh environmental stressors. For the communications, datacenter and enterprise market, our products provide high performance and resilience in dense, less-controlled environments that experience extreme conditions. The resilience of our products becomes an increasing advantage as equipment is placed in harsh environments and moves closer to the customer with the deployment of hyperscale and artificial intelligence (“AI”) datacenters, the rollout of 5G, and the rapid expansion in cloudification. We estimate that our datacenter serviceable addressable market will reach $700 million by 2027, with servers, network interface cards and interconnects (optical modules and cables) representing the largest applications in terms of serviceable addressable market opportunity. Our datacenter opportunity is driven by our strong relationships with AI leaders across the supply chain, including hyperscalers, system original equipment manufacturers, module / interconnects players, and semiconductor suppliers, including xPU and connectivity companies. We are engaged with 4 top hyperscalers, 9 top system original equipment manufacturers, 25 top modules / interconnects players and 8 top xPU and other semiconductor vendors. On the optical module side, we believe we have a leadership position in 800G optical module shipments and are now seeing increased design activity for 1.6T modules, which we expect will become the mainstream in 2026 and 2027. Our position in the AI datacenter market is diverse in terms of customer opportunities and our ability to grow across the whole ecosystem. Automotive, Industrial, and Aerospace In the past few years, the automotive industry has expanded the use of electronics in vehicles for diverse purposes, such as sensing, ADAS, computing, and in-vehicle infotainment. In these applications, timing technology must perform reliably over the life of an automobile in an environment characterized by vibration, mechanical shocks, electromagnetic interference, and wide and rapid temperature change. We believe Precision Timing can address many of the challenges associated with this demanding automotive ecosystem. Industrial equipment, ranging from factory machinery to diagnostic equipment, is often exposed to environments characterized by temperature fluctuation, mechanical shocks, vibration, electromagnetic interference, and power supply noise. We believe our Precision Timing solutions can perform better than legacy quartz-based solutions in demanding industrial environments with higher reliability and resilience. In addition, with the highly diverse nature of industrial applications and the need for unique operating frequencies, we believe the programmable architecture of our Precision Timing products provides an advantage. Timing devices used in aerospace and defense applications such as rockets and satellites need to withstand extreme vibration forces and temperature gradients during operation. Quartz-based solutions can be impacted by vibrational forces acting on the whole system. Precision Timing devices are well-suited for these applications, as we believe they provide up to 50 times better resilience than comparable quartz-based solutions. S-3 Table of Contents Consumer, Mobile, and IoT Advances in mobile technology have driven the proliferation of billions of internet-connected devices in consumer as well as industrial applications. These devices range from smartphones and personal wearable devices to electronics embedded in appliances and industrial machinery. Many of these devices need to package a significant amount of electronics in a limited battery-powered and size-constrained form factor, while still requiring high performance and high accuracy. Due to the ability to integrate with ICs, we believe silicon MEMS timing solutions are well-suited to optimize footprint, reliability, and power consumption of the overall system within mobile, IoT and consumer devices. Revenue We derive revenue primarily from sales of Precision Timing solutions to distributors. We also sell products directly to some of our end customers. Our sales are made pursuant to standard purchase orders which may be cancelled, reduced, or rescheduled, with little or no notice. We recognize product revenue upon shipment when we satisfy our performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control of our products to customers. We measure revenue based on the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for products. Year-over-year revenue growth has exceeded 50% for the last four fiscal quarters, as demonstrated by the tables below. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware on December 3, 2003. Our principal executive offices are located at 5451 Patrick Henry Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054, and our telephone number is (408) 328-4400. Our S-4 Table of Contents corporate website address is www.sitime.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and should not be relied on in determining whether to make an investment decision. The inclusion of our website address in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus contain references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. S-5 Table of Contents The Offering Common stock offered by us 1,750,000 shares. Underwriters’ option granted by us 262,500 shares. Common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering 25,471,597 shares (or 25,734,097 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Use of proceeds We estimate that we will receive net proceeds of approximately $336.8 million (or approximately $387.4 million if the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) from the sale of the 1,750,000 shares of common stock offered by us in this offering, based on the public offering price of $200.00 per share, and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering primarily for general corporate purposes, including working capital, sales and marketing activities, product development, general and administrative matters, and capital expenditures, although we cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for our net proceeds from this offering or the amounts we may actually spend on such uses. We also may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire complementary businesses, products, services, or technologies. However, we do not have agreements or commitments for any specific acquisitions at this time. See “Use of Proceeds” on page S-13 of this prospectus supplement. Risk factors See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-9 of this prospectus supplement and the other information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for a discussion of certain factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock, including the risk factors discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. Trading symbol on The Nasdaq Global Market “SITM.” Unless otherwise indicated, the number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 23,721,597 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2025, and excludes, as of March 31, 2025: • 761,679 unvested restricted stock units under our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (“2019 Plan”) and 2,143,110 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2019 Plan, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2019 Plan; and • 247,096 unvested restricted stock units under our 2022 Inducement Award Plan (“2022 Plan”) and 248,575 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2022 Plan. S-6 Table of Contents In addition, the number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering does not include up to 717,500 shares of our common stock that remain available for sale as of the date of this prospectus supplement under an At-the-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement, dated February 27, 2024 (“Sales Agreement”), that we entered into with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, as the sales agent for our “at-the-market” equity offering program. We have agreed with the underwriters not to sell any shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement for 60 days following the date of this prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained in this prospectus supplement assumes no vesting and settlement of outstanding restricted stock units, and no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 262,500 additional shares of our common stock from us. S-7 Table of Contents SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The summary consolidated statements of operations data presented below are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the summary consolidated statement of operations data presented below, are derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, in each case incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The following summary consolidated financial data should be read together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future and our results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year. Consolidated Statements of Operations Data Year Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 2022 2025 2024 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenue $ 202,697 $ 143,993 $ 283,605 $ 60,314 $ 33,022 Cost of revenue 98,203 61,905 100,643 29,978 15,361 Gross profit 104,494 82,088 182,962 30,336 17,661 Operating expenses: Research and development 106,855 97,589 90,288 30,026 25,544 Selling, general and administrative 102,157 83,971 76,532 26,856 23,913 Acquisition related costs 10,722 7,728 — 1,562 3,242 Total operating expenses 219,734 189,288 166,820 58,444 52,699 Income (loss) from operations (115,240) (107,200) 16,142 (28,108) (35,038) Interest income 22,883 26,958 7,291 4,294 6,560 Other expense, net (758 ) (141 ) (97 ) 4 (213 ) Income (loss) before income taxes (93,115 ) (80,383 ) 23,336 (23,810 ) (28,691 ) Income tax expense (486 ) (152 ) (82 ) (67 ) (13 ) Net income (loss) $ (93,601 ) $ (80,535 ) $ 23,254 $ (23,877 ) $ (28,704 ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders and comprehensive income (loss) $ (93,601 ) $ (80,535 ) $ 23,254 $ (23,877 ) $ (28,704 ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic $ (4.05 ) $ (3.63 ) $ 1.09 $ (1.01 ) $ (1.26 ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted $ (4.05 ) $ (3.63 ) $ 1.03 $ (1.01 ) $ (1.26 ) Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share 23,118 22,188 21,245 23,653 22,765 Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share 23,118 22,188 22,664 23,653 22,

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]