424B5 1 tm2426686-3_424b5.htm 424B5 tm2426686-3_424b5 - none - 13.5469305s TABLE OF CONTENTS Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-276368 ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated November 5, 2024) EchoStar Corporation $5,355,999,854 Aggregate Principal Amount of 10.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 and $29,999,993 Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.875% Convertible Senior Secured Notes due 2030 EchoStar Corporation (“EchoStar,” “we” or the “Company”), is offering $5,355,999,854 Aggregate Principal Amount of 10.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the “New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes”) and $29,999,993 Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.875% Convertible Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the “EchoStar Convertible Notes” and, together with the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes, the “EchoStar Notes”). The New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will mature on November 30, 2029 and will accrue interest at a rate of 10.75% per annum. Interest on the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be payable semi-annually on May 30 and November 30 of each year, beginning on May 30, 2025. The New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes are EchoStar’s unsecured obligations and the guarantees of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes are the obligations of only certain of EchoStar’s subsidiaries. The guarantees of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be secured equally and ratably with the EchoStar Convertible Notes, the EchoStar Exchange Notes and certain other secured indebtedness on a first-priority basis, subject to permitted liens, certain exceptions and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below) by: (i) a lien on all licenses, authorizations and permits issued from time to time by the FCC for use of the AWS-3 Spectrum (the “AWS-3 Licenses”) and for the use of the AWS-4 Spectrum (the “AWS-4 Licenses” and together with the AWS-3 Licenses, the “Pledged Licenses”) (the “Spectrum Assets”) held by certain of EchoStar’s subsidiaries that, on or after November 12, 2024 (the “Settlement Date”), hold any Spectrum Assets (each, a “Spectrum Assets Guarantor”); (ii) the proceeds of any Spectrum Assets; (iii) any Replacement Collateral (as defined below in “ Description of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes ”); and (iv) a lien on the equity interests held by an entity that directly owns any equity interests in any Spectrum Assets Guarantor (each, an “Equity Pledge Guarantor” and, together with the Spectrum Assets Guarantors, the “Guarantors”) ((i), (ii) and (iii), collectively, the “Collateral”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral includes (i) to the extent permitted by law, the proceeds of the Pledged Licenses for frequencies in 3GPP Band Classes 66 and 70, (ii) the Pledged Licenses, to the extent permitted by law, and (iii) a pledge of the equity interests issued by the entities that own the Spectrum Assets; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, the 700 MHz Licenses, H Block Licenses and the CBRS Licenses (as each are defined below in “ Description of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes ” herein) shall not constitute Collateral. The EchoStar Convertible Notes will mature on November 30, 2030 and will accrue interest at a rate of 3.875% per annum, paid through the first four coupon payments, at the Company’s option, in cash or in kind; provided that no payment in kind interest may be paid for any interest period if the payment of interest on the EchoStar Exchange Notes (as defined below) or certain other indebtedness during such period is made in cash, and paid in cash thereafter. Interest on the EchoStar Convertible Notes will be payable semi-annually on May 30 and November 30 of each year, beginning on May 30, 2025. The EchoStar Convertible Notes are convertible into cash up to the aggregate principal amount of such EchoStar Convertible Notes to be converted and cash, shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Class A Common Stock”), of EchoStar or a combination of cash and shares of Class A Common Stock, at EchoStar’s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of EchoStar’s conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the EchoStar Convertible Notes being converted, at an initial conversion rate of 29.73507 shares of Class A Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of EchoStar Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price representing a 35% premium to the Initial VWAP per share of Class A Common Stock). The “Initial VWAP” means $24.91135, the arithmetic mean of (i) the volume-weighted average price per share for the period from and including September 9, 2024 to and including September 27, 2024 and (ii) the volume-weighted average price per share for the period from and including September 30, 2024 to and TABLE OF CONTENTS including October 18, 2024, in each case as displayed in the calculation window of the Bloomberg “Price and Volume Dashboard” under the column header “VWAP,” when using the “Form-T Trade Excluded” calculation methodology for “SATS US Equity.” The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, may be adjusted under certain circumstances, including in connection with conversions made following a fundamental change or a redemption notice and under other circumstances, in each case as set forth in the EchoStar Convertible Notes Indenture (as defined below). The EchoStar Convertible Notes are EchoStar’s unsecured obligations and the guarantees of the EchoStar Convertible Notes are the obligations of only certain of EchoStar’s subsidiaries. The EchoStar Convertible Notes will be guaranteed by the same subsidiaries of EchoStar which guarantee the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes. The guarantees of the EchoStar Convertible Notes will be secured by the same Collateral that secures the guarantees of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes. The EchoStar Notes are being sold pursuant to note purchase agreements (the “Securities Purchase Agreements”), among us and the investors in the EchoStar Notes, dated as of November 8, 2024. The New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be issued under an indenture (the “New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes Indenture”) to be dated as of as of the Settlement Date, among the Company, the Guarantors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee (in such capacity, the “Trustee”) and notes collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Collateral Agent”). The terms of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will include those stated in the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes Indenture and those made part of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the “TIA”). The New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company. The guarantees of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be secured by the collateral described below. The EchoStar Convertible Notes will be issued under an indenture (the “EchoStar Convertible Notes Indenture” and, together with the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes Indenture the “EchoStar Indentures”) to be dated as of the Settlement Date, among the Company, the Guarantors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (in such capacity, the “Trustee”) and notes collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Collateral Agent”). The terms of the EchoStar Convertible Notes will include those stated in the EchoStar Convertible Notes Indenture and those made part of the EchoStar Convertible Notes Indenture by reference to the TIA. The EchoStar Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company. The guarantees of the EchoStar Convertible Notes will be secured by the collateral described below. No public market currently exists for the EchoStar Notes, and we do not intend to apply to list the EchoStar Notes on any securities exchange or for quotation on any inter-dealer quotation system. The Company’s Class A Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “SATS.” On November 7, 2024, the last reported sale price of our Class A Common Stock was $26.07 per share. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. SEE “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING ON PAGE S-18 OF THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND THOSE CONTAINED OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN. ​ ​ ​ Per $1000 Principal Amount of Note ​ ​ Total ​ Registered direct offering price of 10.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 ​ ​ ​ $ 985.522167 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 5,200,000,000 ​ ​ Registered direct offering price of 3.875% Convertible Senior Secured Notes due 2030 ​ ​ ​ $ 1,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 29,999,993 ​ ​ Proceeds to us ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 5,229,999,993 ​ ​ We have retained Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. as the placement agent for this offering. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus supplement is November 8, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ​ ​ ​ ​ S-1 ​ ​ ​ FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-2 ​ ​ ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY ​ ​ ​ ​ S-3 ​ ​ ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-18 ​ ​ ​ SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-38 ​ ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-39 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF NEW SENIOR SPECTRUM SECURED NOTES ​ ​ ​ ​ S-40 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF ECHOSTAR CONVERTIBLE NOTES ​ ​ ​ ​ S-74 ​ ​ ​ PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-131 ​ ​ ​ MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-132 ​ ​ ​ LEGAL MATTERS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-149 ​ ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-149 ​ ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ S-149 ​ ​ Prospectus ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ​ FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ ​ SUMMARY ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ 5 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES AND GUARANTEES ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 13 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 14 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF UNITS ​ ​ ​ ​ 15 ​ ​ ​ PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ​ ​ ​ ​ 16 ​ ​ ​ LEGAL MATTERS ​ ​ ​ ​ 18 ​ ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 18 ​ ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ 18 ​ ​ S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement is a supplement to the accompanying prospectus that is also a part of this document. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, dated November 5, 2024, are part of a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333- 276368) that we filed with the SEC, utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under the shelf registration process, we may offer and sell from time to time in one or more offerings the securities described in the accompanying prospectus. This document contains two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and also supplements and updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. If the information contained in this prospectus supplement differs or varies from the information contained in the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information set forth in this prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus supplement. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus supplement is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained in this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to sell securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to buy securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement is accurate only as of the date on the front of those documents only, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus supplement or any applicable prospectus supplement, or any sale of a security. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus supplement contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement is a part. Before making an investment decision, you should read, in addition to this prospectus supplement and the registration statement, any documents that we incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement, as referred to under “ Where You Can Find More Information and Incorporation by Reference ,” and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus supplement to the “Company,” “EchoStar,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer, collectively, to EchoStar Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including, in particular, statements about plans, objectives and strategies, growth opportunities in a company’s industries and businesses, its expectations regarding future results, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, estimates regarding the impact of regulatory developments and legal proceedings, and other trends and projections. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “seek,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “predict,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this prospectus supplement and represent management’s current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, actual performance, events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: • significant risks related to our ability to launch, operate, and control our satellites, operational and environmental risks related to our owned and leased satellites, and risks related to our satellites under construction; ​ • our ability and the ability of third parties with whom we engage to operate our business as a result of changes in the global business environment, including regulatory and competitive considerations; ​ • our ability to implement and/or realize benefits of our investments and other strategic initiatives; ​ • risks related to our foreign operations and other uncertainties associated with doing business internationally; ​ • risks related to our dependency upon third-party providers, including supply chain disruptions and inflation; ​ • risks related to cybersecurity incidents; and ​ • risks related to our human capital resources. ​ The foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors is contained in EchoStar’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are all incorporated by reference herein, and in this prospectus supplement under the heading “ Risk Factors .” All cautionary statements made or referred to herein should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. You should consider the risks and uncertainties described or referred to herein and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We do not assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility for updating forward-looking information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in any documents we file with the Commission, except as required by law. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described herein or in any documents we file with the Commission occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights some of the information in this prospectus supplement. It may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand this offering fully, you should carefully read this prospectus supplement, together with the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, the registration statement, the exhibits thereto and the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” We have included references to other portions of this prospectus supplement to direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this summary. This summary may not contain all of the information that you should consider before an investment decision with respect to this offering. You should carefully read the entire prospectus supplement, including the sections under the headings “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and the documents incorporated by reference herein. Our Business EchoStar is a holding company that was organized in October 2007 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada. A substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of EchoStar is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, and by certain entities established for the benefit of his family. Our Class A Common Stock is publicly traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “SATS.” EchoStar is a global fully integrated communication and content delivery leader and provider of technology, spectrum, engineering, manufacturing, networking services, television entertainment and connectivity, offering consumer, enterprise, operator and government solutions worldwide under its EchoStar ® , Boost Mobile ® , Gen Mobile ® , Sling TV ® , DISH TV ™ , Hughes ® , HughesNet ® , HughesON ™ , and JUPITER ™ brands. In Europe, EchoStar operates under its EchoStar Mobile Limited subsidiary and in Australia, the company operates as EchoStar Global Australia. Our principal executive office is located at 9601 South Meridian Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112, and our phone number is (303) 723-1000. For further discussion on the material terms of our business, please refer to our reports and the DISH Network reports that have been filed with the Commission, and any subsequent report we file with the Commission, certain of which are incorporated herein by reference. Spectrum Assets Description The guarantees of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be secured by the Collateral, which shall consist of: (i) a lien on the Pledged Licenses with respect to AWS-3 Spectrum and AWS-4 Spectrum held by certain of EchoStar’s subsidiaries that, on or after the Settlement Date, hold any Spectrum Assets; (ii) the proceeds of any Spectrum Assets; and (iii) a lien on the equity interests held by an entity that directly owns any equity interests in any Spectrum Assets Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral includes (i) to the extent permitted by law, the proceeds of the Pledged Licenses for frequencies in 3GPP Band Classes 66 and 70, (ii) the Pledged Licenses, to the extent permitted by law, and (iii) a pledge of the equity interests issued by the entities that own the Spectrum Assets; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, the 700 MHz Licenses, H Block Licenses and the CBRS Licenses (as each are defined below in “ Description of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes ”) shall not constitute Collateral. See “ Description of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes — New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes and Notes Guarantees ,” “ Description of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes — Security ,” “ Description of the EchoStar Convertible Notes — EchoStar Convertible Notes and Notes Guarantees ” and “ Description of the EchoStar Convertible Notes — Security .” Recent Developments Transaction Support Agreement On September 30, 2024, EchoStar and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a transaction support agreement (the “Transaction Support Agreement”) with certain eligible holders (the “Consenting Creditors”) of (1) the 0% Convertible Notes due 2025 issued by DISH Network Corporation (the “DISH Network S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Notes”) and (2) the 3.375% Convertible Notes due 2026 issued by DISH Network Corporation (the “DISH Network 2026 Notes,” and together with the DISH Network 2025 Notes, the “Existing Notes”) collectively representing over 90% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Existing Notes. Pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement, the Consenting Creditors have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to tender their Existing Notes in the EchoStar Exchange Offers (as defined below). Pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, EchoStar agreed to conduct the EchoStar Exchange Offers to all holders of Existing Notes, and the Consenting Creditors agreed to tender their respective Existing Notes in the EchoStar Exchange Offers. Pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement, the Consenting Creditors have also agreed, among other things, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to support the DISH Transactions (as defined below) subject to milestones set forth in in the Transaction Support Agreement, not, directly or indirectly, object to, delay, impede or take (or cause any other person or entity to take) any action to interfere with the approval, confirmation, acceptance, implementation or consummation of the DISH Transactions and use commercially reasonable and good faith efforts to pursue, support, implement, confirm, and consummate the DISH Transactions in accordance with the Transaction Support Agreement and to take all actions contemplated thereby and as reasonably necessary to support and achieve consummation of the DISH Transactions. The Transaction Support Agreement may be terminated by the parties thereto upon certain events, including if (i) the EchoStar Exchange Offers and the purchase of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes (the “DISH Transactions”) have not closed by December 31, 2024, as such date may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement; (ii) the EchoStar Notes are not issued pursuant to the EchoStar Exchange Offers and/or the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes are not issued pursuant to the Commitment Agreement; or (iii) EchoStar fails to deposit with the trustee for the 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 of DISH DBS Corporation funds sufficient to repay such notes at maturity. The Transaction Support Agreement also contains certain customary representations, warranties and other agreements by the parties thereto. Closing of any DISH Transaction pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement is subject to, and conditioned upon, closing of all of the other DISH Transactions as well as tenders from 90% of holders of each of the DISH Network 2025 Notes and DISH Network 2026 Notes in the exchange offers, as well as other customary conditions. As the Consenting Creditors represent over 90% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Existing Notes, EchoStar expects to receive the requisite consents in the consent solicitations and satisfy the minimum tender condition in the EchoStar Exchange Offers. Commitment Agreement Concurrently with execution of the Transaction Support Agreement, EchoStar entered into a commitment agreement (the “Commitment Agreement”) with certain of the Consenting Creditors and an affiliate of our Chairman (collectively, the “Commitment Parties”) whereby the Commitment Parties agreed to commit to purchase, and/or backstop the purchase by certain members of the Commitment Parties and other Consenting Creditors of an aggregate amount of $5.356 billion (including $156 million issuable in kind as discounts and commitment and/or backstop premiums) of New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes. One of the Commitment Parties is a related party of Charles W. Ergen, EchoStar’s chairman. Such party agreed to commit to purchase and/or backstop an aggregate of $100 million principal amount of the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes, and such Commitment Agreement was unanimously approved by the Audit Committee of EchoStar’s Board of Directors. Subsequently, such party assigned $5 million of such $100 million commitment to Hamid Akhavan, EchoStar’s President and Chief Executive Officer and such assignment was unanimously approved by the Audit Committee of EchoStar’s Board of Directors. The EchoStar Notes and the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes will be secured equally and ratably on a pari passu basis by first priority liens on the Collateral, subject to permitted liens, certain exceptions and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Commitment Agreement may be terminated by the parties thereto upon certain events, including if the issuance of the New Money Notes has not been completed by December 31, 2024, as such date may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Commitment Agreement, or if the Transaction Support Agreement is terminated. EchoStar Exchange Offers On October 10, 2024, EchoStar commenced offers to exchange (the “EchoStar Exchange Offers”) (i) any and all of the 0% Convertible Notes due 2025 issued by our subsidiary DISH Network Corporation (“DISH”) and (ii) any and all of the 3.375% Convertible Notes due 2026 issued by DISH for the applicable principal amount of 6.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the “EchoStar Exchange Notes”) and 3.875% Convertible Secured Notes due 2030 to be issued by EchoStar, in each case, pursuant to the terms described in an amended prospectus and consent solicitation statement, dated November 1, 2024. The simultaneous offering the New Senior Spectrum Secured Notes offered hereby is a condition to the EchoStar Exchange Offers. S-5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY OF

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]