424B5 1 tm2519048-7_424b5.htm 424B5 tm2519048-7_424b5 - none - 7.1406601s TABLE OF CONTENTS Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) ​ Registration No. 333-288424 ​ Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated June 30, 2025) AeroVironment, Inc. 3,528,226 Shares Common Stock ​ We are offering 3,528,226 shares of our common stock. In addition, we have granted the underwriters an option to purchase, in whole or in part, for a period of 30 days from the date of this prospectus supplement up to 529,234 of additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price less the underwriting discount. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “AVAV.” On July 1, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock was $252.40 per share. Concurrently with this offering, we are conducting a public offering of $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “convertible notes”) (or up to $747,500,000 aggregate principal amount if the underwriters in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering exercise in full their over-allotment option) (the “Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering”). Neither this offering nor the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering is conditioned upon the completion of the other, so it is possible that this offering occurs and the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering does not occur, or vice versa. We cannot assure you that the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering will be completed on the terms described herein, on significantly different terms or at all. The Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering is being made pursuant to a separate prospectus supplement and nothing contained herein shall constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the convertible notes to be issued in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering. See “Prospectus Supplement Summary — Recent Developments,” “Use of Proceeds” and “Description of the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering.” ​ Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-7 . ​ ​ ​ ​ Per Share ​ ​ Total (2) ​ Price to public ​ ​ ​ $ 248.00 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 875,000,048.00 ​ ​ Underwriting discount (1) ​ ​ ​ $ 9.30 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 32,812,501.80 ​ ​ Proceeds, before expenses, to AeroVironment, Inc. ​ ​ ​ $ 238.70 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 842,187,546.20 ​ ​ ​ (1) See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest ) ” for a description of compensation to the underwriters. ​ (2) Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. ​ Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. We expect that delivery of the shares of our common stock will be made on or about July 3, 2025. ​ Lead Book-Running Managers ​ J.P. Morgan ​ ​ BofA Securities ​ Joint Book-Running Managers ​ Raymond James ​ ​ RBC Capital Markets ​ ​ William Blair ​ ​ Baird ​ ​ BNP PARIBAS ​ Co Managers ​ BTIG ​ ​ Citizens Capital Markets ​ ​ BMO Capital Markets ​ ​ The date of this prospectus supplement is July 1, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement ​ PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-iii ​ ​ ​ SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-iv ​ ​ ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY ​ ​ ​ ​ S-1 ​ ​ ​ THE OFFERING ​ ​ ​ ​ S-3 ​ ​ ​ SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-5 ​ ​ ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-7 ​ ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-12 ​ ​ ​ CAPITALIZATION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-13 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF THE CONCURRENT CONVERTIBLE NOTES OFFERING ​ ​ ​ ​ S-14 ​ ​ ​ UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) ​ ​ ​ ​ S-16 ​ ​ ​ LEGAL MATTERS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-25 ​ ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-25 ​ ​ ​ INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ S-26 ​ ​ Prospectus ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ​ SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ ​ THE COMPANY ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ 8 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK ​ ​ ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ 14 ​ ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ 21 ​ ​ ​ PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ​ ​ ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ ​ LEGAL MATTERS ​ ​ ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS This prospectus supplement is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, using a “shelf” registration process. This document consists of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which describes more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. If there is any inconsistency between the information in the accompanying prospectus and this prospectus supplement, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. Before purchasing any securities, you should carefully read both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference and the additional information described under the heading “ Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference .” We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We will not make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus supplement incorporates by reference, and any related free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “ Risk Factors ” contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any related free writing prospectus issued by us (which we refer to as a “company free writing prospectus”) and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, or to which we have referred you, contain and incorporate by reference information that you should consider when making your investment decision. S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION In this prospectus supplement, all references to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” or “AeroVironment” or similar designations refer to AeroVironment, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. All references to “BlueHalo” refer to BlueHalo Financing Topco, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain of the statements contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and other materials filed or to be filed with the SEC represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events and should be considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “continue,” “seek,” “target,” “guidance,” “outlook,” and other similar expressions or the negative of such words or expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, (i) our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, budgets, capital expenditures, competitive positions, growth opportunities, employment opportunities and mobility, plans and objectives of management and (ii) the expected benefits of the BlueHalo Merger (as defined below), including with respect to the business outlook or future economic performance, anticipated profitability, revenues, expenses or other financial items, and product or services line growth, together with other statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements that are estimates reflecting management’s best judgment based upon currently available information. These forward-looking statements are based on our current objectives, beliefs and expectations, and they are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and financial position and timing of certain events to differ materially from the information in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: • the factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2025 under the sections titled “ Risk Factors ” in Part I, Item 1A; ​ • the risk that the ongoing integration of BlueHalo will be more difficult, time-consuming or expensive than anticipated; ​ • the risk that the BlueHalo Merger will not provide the expected benefits, or that we will not be able to achieve the cost or revenue synergies anticipated; ​ • unexpected technical and marketing difficulties inherent in major research and product development efforts; ​ • availability of U.S. government and allied government funding for defense procurement and research and development programs and the changes in the timing and/or amount of government spending; ​ • our reliance on certain customers, including the U.S. government and allied foreign governments, for a significant portion of our revenues; ​ • the extensive regulatory requirements governing our contracts with the U.S. government and international customers and the results of any audit or investigation of our compliance therewith; ​ • our ability to remain a market innovator, to create new market opportunities and/or to expand into new markets; ​ • the potential need for changes in our long-term strategy in response to future developments; ​ • our ability to attract and retain skilled employees; ​ • unexpected changes in significant operating expenses, including components and raw materials; ​ • any disruptions or threatened disruptions to our relationships with our distributors, suppliers, customers and employees, including shortages in components for our products; ​ • changes in the supply, demand and/or prices for our products and services and our ability to perform under existing contracts and obtain new contracts; ​ • increased competition, including from firms that have substantially greater resources than we have and, in the uncrewed systems market, from lower-cost consumer drone manufacturers who may seek to enhance their systems’ capabilities over time; ​ S-iv TABLE OF CONTENTS • the complexities and uncertainty of obtaining and conducting international business, including export compliance and other reporting and compliance requirements; ​ • the impact of potential security and cyber threats or the risk of unauthorized access to our, our customers’ and/or our suppliers’ information and systems; ​ • changes in the regulatory environment and the consequences to our financial position, business and reputation that could result from failing to comply with such regulatory requirements; ​ • our ability to respond and adapt to unexpected legal, regulatory and government budgetary changes, such as supply chain disruptions, public health crises, curtailments of trade, diversions of government resources to non-defense priorities, and other business restrictions affecting our ability to manufacture and sell our products and provide our services; ​ • unfavorable results in legal proceedings; and ​ • general economic and business conditions in the United States and elsewhere in the world, including the impact of inflation. ​ All forward-looking statements in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and other materials filed or to be filed with the SEC are based upon information available to us on the date of this prospectus supplement or such document. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made and, other than as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. S-v TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information about us and this offering. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should read carefully this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any related company free writing prospectus, including the “Risk Factors” section, and the other documents that we refer to and incorporate by reference herein for a more complete understanding of us and this offering. In particular, we incorporate by reference important business and financial information in this prospectus supplement. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” in this prospectus supplement. The Company We are a defense technology provider delivering integrated capabilities across air, land, sea, space, and cyber. We develop and deploy autonomous systems, precision strike systems, counter-uncrewed aircraft systems technologies, space-based platforms, directed energy systems, and cyber and electronic warfare capabilities. We operate a national manufacturing footprint to deliver proven systems and capabilities whose markets offer the potential for significant long-term growth. In addition, we believe that some of the innovative potential products, services and technologies in our research and development pipeline will emerge as new growth platforms in the future, creating additional market opportunities. We were originally incorporated in California in July 1971 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2006, and our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol “AVAV.” Our principal executive office is located at 241 18th Street South, Suite 650, Arlington, Virginia 22202. Our telephone number is (703) 418-2828 and our website is www.avinc.com. Information contained on our website is not and should not be deemed a part of this prospectus supplement, accompanying prospectus or any report or filing filed with or furnished to the SEC. Recent Developments The BlueHalo Merger On November 18, 2024, AeroVironment, Archangel Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of AeroVironment (“Merger Sub”), BlueHalo Financing Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“BlueHalo”), and BlueHalo Holdings Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and sole member of BlueHalo Financing Topco, LLC (“Seller”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on May 1, 2025, Merger Sub merged with and into BlueHalo, with BlueHalo continuing as our wholly owned subsidiary and the surviving company of the merger (the “BlueHalo Merger”). We issued an aggregate of 17,425,849 shares of our common stock to the former unitholders of BlueHalo as consideration for the BlueHalo Merger, and also drew an aggregate of $925.0 million of debt under a term loan entered in connection with the BlueHalo Merger (the “New Term Loan”) and our revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) in order to settle the existing indebtedness of BlueHalo as well as transaction expenses. We believe the enhanced global scale and footprint of the combined company will allow us to expand into new markets in the defense industry, enhance our scale, customer and contract diversity and capital resources and enhance our proprietary capabilities in high-growth missions in the defense industry. We also expect that we will be able to better serve our legacy customers and BlueHalo’s customers in critical growth markets while providing cost-saving opportunities to current and potential customers. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Seller, certain members of the Seller and Seller sponsor members affiliated with Arlington Capital Partners entered into joinder and lock-up agreements (the “joinder and lock-up agreements”) pursuant to which all of the shares of our common stock issued as consideration in the BlueHalo Merger are subject to certain lock-up restrictions on the transfer of such shares of our common stock. Of such shares, 40% will be released on May 1, 2026, 30% will be released on November 1, 2026, and the remaining shares will be released on May 1, 2027 (such lock-up, the “BlueHalo Lock-up” and such period, the “BlueHalo Lock-up Period”). During the BlueHalo Lock-up Period, transfers are permitted under specific conditions, including gifts, estate planning, transfers to trusts S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS or affiliates, pledges as collateral, and certain legal or corporate transactions, provided the transferee agrees to adhere to the terms of the joinder and lock-up agreements. The joinder and lock-up agreements will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the end of the BlueHalo Lock-up Period or (ii) mutual written agreement of the parties. Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering Concurrently with this offering, we are conducting a public offering of $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “convertible notes”) (or up to $747,500,000 aggregate principal amount if the underwriters in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering exercise in full their over-allotment option) (the “Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering”). The Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering is being made pursuant to a separate prospectus supplement. Nothing contained herein shall constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the convertible notes in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering. Neither this offering nor the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering is conditioned upon the completion of the other, so it is possible that this offering occurs and the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering does not occur, or vice versa. We cannot assure you that the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering will be completed on the terms described herein, on significantly different terms or at all. See “Description of the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering.” S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ THE OFFERING The summary below describes the principal terms of the offering. As used in this section, “we,” “our” and “us” refer to AeroVironment, Inc. and not to its subsidiaries. Issuer AeroVironment, Inc. Shares of Common Stock Offered 3,528,226 shares. Option to Purchase Additional Shares We have granted the underwriters an option to purchase, in whole or in part, for a period of 30 days from the date this prospectus supplement up to 529,234 shares of our common stock. Common Stock Outstanding Immediately Following this Offering 49,342,501 shares. Offering Price $248.00 per share of common stock. Use of Proceeds We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $840.9 million (or approximately $967.2 million if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock), after deducting the underwriters’ discounts and commissions and our estimated offering expenses. We intend to use approximately $965.3 million of the net proceeds from this offering, together with the net proceeds from the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering, to repay indebtedness under the New Term Loan and outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the remainder, for general corporate purposes, including to increase manufacturing capacity. See “Use of Proceeds.” Certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates are lenders, and in some cases agents for the lenders, bookrunners or arrangers under our Credit Agreement, including our New Term Loan and our Revolving Credit Facility and, may, from time to time, hold other indebtedness of ours. Accordingly, if any portion of the net proceeds from this offering is used to repay any outstanding amounts under the New Term Loan or the Revolving Credit Facility, certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates acting as lenders thereunder are expected to receive a portion of the net proceeds from this offering in connection with any such repayment. See “Use of Proceeds” and “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest).” Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering Concurrently with this offering, we are conducting a public offering of $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes (or up to $747,500,000 aggregate principal amount if the underwriters in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering exercise in full their over-allotment option). Neither this offering nor the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering is conditioned upon the completion of the other, so it is possible that this offering occurs and the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering does not occur, or vice versa. We cannot assure you that the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering will be completed on the terms described herein, on significantly different terms or at all. S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nasdaq Global Select Market Exchange Symbol Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “AVAV.” On July 1, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock was $252.40 per share. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the information under “ Risk Factors ” and all other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus before investing in our common stock. Conflicts of Interest JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., affiliates of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., respectively, are lenders under the New Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility. A portion of the net proceeds from this offering will be used to fund the repayment of our outstanding borrowings thereunder. As a result, we expect that more than 5% of the net proceeds from this offering will be received by affiliates of each of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities, Inc. Therefore, this offering is being made in compliance with FINRA Rule 5121. Pursuant to Rule 5121, the appointment of a “qualified independent underwriter” is not required in connection with this offering as a “bona fide public market,” as defined in Rule 5121, exists for our common stock. See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) — Conflicts of Interest.” The number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 45,814,275 shares outstanding as of June 25, 2025, which includes 221,444 restricted stock awards outstanding as of such date, and excludes: • up to 258,225 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding performance-based restricted stock units, as of June 25, 2025; ​ • 1,551,934 total shares available for issuance under the AeroVironment, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the AeroVironment, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as of June 25, 2025; and ​ • the shares of common stock to be reserved for issuance upon the conversion of the convertible notes being offered in the Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering. ​ Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus supplement assumes (i) the issuance and sale in this offering of 3,528,226 shares of our common stock at the public offering price per share of $248.00, and (ii) the underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock in this offering. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA are financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, comparable GAAP measures, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Our management believes that these measures provide useful information to investors by offering additional ways of viewing our results that, when reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures, help our investors to understand the long-term profitability trends of our business and compare our profitability to prior and future periods and to our peers. In addition, management uses these non-GAAP measures to evaluate our operating and financial performance. We present non-GAAP earnings per diluted share by excluding acquisition-related expenses, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, equity method investment gains and losses, equity securities investments gains or losses, goodwill impairment and one-time non-operating items because we believe this facilitates more consistent comparisons of operating results over time between our newly acquired and existing businesses, and with our peer companies. We believe, however, that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets contribute to revenue generation and that intangible asset amortization will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized. We define Adjusted EBITDA net income (loss) before interest income, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other non-cash items, including amortization of implementation of cloud computing arrangements, stock-based compensation, acquisition related expenses, equity method investment gains or losses, equity securities investments gains or losses, goodwill impairment and one-time non-operating gains or losses. We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. We believe this facilitates more consistent comparisons of operating results over time between our newly acquired and existing businesses, and with our peer companies. We believe, however, that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets contribute to revenue generation, intangible asset amortization will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized and that interest and income tax expenses will recur in future periods. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Earnings per Diluted Share (Unaudited) ​ ​ ​ Three Months Ended April 30, 2025 ​ ​ Three Months Ended April 30, 2024 ​ ​ Year Ended April 30, 2025 ​ ​ Year Ended April 30, 2024 ​ Earnings per diluted share ​ ​ ​ $ 0.59 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 0.22 ​ ​

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]