424B5 1 d866647d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-269159 Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated January 9, 2023) $1,500,000,000 Dell International L.L.C. and EMC Corporation as Co-Issuers $700,000,000 4.350% Senior Notes due 2030 $800,000,000 4.850% Senior Notes due 2035 We are offering $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.350% Senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 notes”) and $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.850% Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2035 notes” and, together with the 2030 notes, the “notes” and each, a “series” of notes). We refer to the offering of notes as the “Offering” in this prospectus supplement. We intend to use the net proceeds of the Offering to redeem our outstanding 5.850% Senior Notes due 2025 and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of other debt. See “ Use of Proceeds .” The 2030 notes will mature on February 1, 2030. We will pay interest on the 2030 notes semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on February 1, 2025. The 2035 notes will mature on February 1, 2035. We will pay interest on the 2035 notes semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on February 1, 2025. We may redeem some or all of the 2030 notes at any time prior to January 1, 2030 (the date that is one month prior to the maturity of the 2030 notes) and the 2035 notes at any time prior to November 1, 2034 (the date that is three months prior to the maturity of the 2035 notes), at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a “make-whole” premium, as described in this prospectus supplement. On or after (i) January 1, 2030 (the date that is one month prior to the maturity of the 2030 notes) and (ii) November 1, 2034 (the date that is three months prior to the maturity of the 2035 notes), we may redeem some or all of such notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. See “ Description of Notes—Optional Redemption .” Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as described herein), we may be required to offer to repurchase all of the notes then outstanding at 101% of the principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date. See “ Description of Notes—Change of Control Triggering Event .” The notes offered hereby will rank equal in right of payment with all of the issuers’ existing and future senior indebtedness. For a more detailed discussion, see “ Description of Notes. ” The notes will be guaranteed on a joint and several basis by Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc. and Dell Inc. Such note guarantees will rank equal in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of such guarantors, including their guarantees of our obligations under our revolving credit facility and our existing notes, and senior in right of payment to all future subordinated indebtedness of such guarantors. The notes will not be guaranteed by any of the issuers’ subsidiaries. See “ Description of Notes—Note Guarantees .” The notes will not be listed on any stock exchange, and currently there is no public market for the notes. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-7 of this prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Public Offering Price(1) Underwriting Discount Proceeds to Us (before expenses) Per Note Total Per Note Total Per Note Total 2030 Notes 99.883 % $ 699,181,000 0.500 % $ 3,500,000 99.383 % $ 695,681,000 2035 Notes 99.646 % $ 797,168,000 0.600 % $ 4,800,000 99.046 % $ 792,368,000 Combined Total $ 1,496,349,000 $ 8,300,000 $ 1,488,049,000 (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from October 8, 2024 to the date of delivery. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes to investors only in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the account of its participants including Euroclear Bank, SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., on or about October 8, 2024. Joint Book-Running Managers Barclays Citigroup Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan SOCIETE GENERALE Wells Fargo Securities BNP PARIBAS BofA Securities Deutsche Bank Securities HSBC Mizuho Morgan Stanley MUFG PNC Capital Markets LLC RBC Capital Markets Scotiabank TD Securities UBS Investment Bank Co-Managers BNY Capital Markets ING Santander SMBC Nikko Standard Chartered Bank Truist Securities Co-Syndicate Managers Bancroft Capital C.L. King & Associates The date of this prospectus supplement is October 1, 2024. Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus. We and the underwriters have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date of the applicable document. Since the respective dates of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed. S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements S-iii About this Prospectus Supplement S-v Where You Can Find More Information S-v Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference S-v Industry and Market Data S-vii Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property Rights S-vii Basis of Presentation S-vii Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-7 Use of Proceeds S-10 Capitalization S-11 Description of Notes S-12 Book Entry; Delivery and Form S-35 Certain United States Federal Income and Estate Tax Consequences S-39 Certain ERISA Considerations S-44 Underwriting S-46 Legal Matters S-52 Experts S-52 PROSPECTUS Page About this Prospectus 1 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 1 Industry and Market Data 3 Trademarks And Other Intellectual Property Rights 3 Basis of Presentation 3 Where You Can Find More Information 4 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 4 Dell Technologies Inc. 5 Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation and the Additional Registrant Guarantors 5 Corporate Information 6 Risk Factors 7 Use of Proceeds 8 Description of Debt Securities 9 Plan of Distribution 10 Validity of Securities 11 Experts 11 S-ii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). The words “may,” “will,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “seek,” and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. All statements by us regarding our expected financial position, revenues, cash flows and other operating results, business strategy, legal proceedings, and similar matters are forward-looking statements. Our expectations expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements may not turn out to be correct. Our results could be materially different from our expectations because of various risks, including the risks discussed in “Part I — Item 1A — Risk Factors” in our Annual Report (the “Annual Report”) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 and Quarterly Reports (collectively, the “Quarterly Reports”) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended May 3, 2024 and August 2, 2024, in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in our other periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date as of which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement after the date as of which such statement was made, whether to reflect changes in circumstances or our expectations, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. These statements regarding future events or our future performance or results inherently are subject to a variety of risks, contingencies and other uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. The risks, contingencies and other uncertainties that could cause our business and actual results of operations, financial condition and prospects to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to: • adverse global economic conditions and instability in financial markets, including ongoing macroeconomic challenges in China; • competitive pressures; • our reliance on third-party suppliers for products and components, including reliance on single-source or limited-resource suppliers; • our ability to achieve favorable pricing from our vendors; • execution of our growth and business strategies; • social and ethical issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies, such as artificial intelligence; • our ability to manage solutions and products and services transitions in an effective manner; • our ability to deliver high-quality products and services; • cyber-attacks or other data security breaches; • the success of our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, or cost savings measures; • our foreign operations and ability to generate substantial non-U.S. net revenue; • product, service, customer, and geographic sales mix and seasonal sales trends; • the performance of our sales channel partners; • access to the capital markets by us or our customers; • any material impairments to our goodwill or intangible assets; • weak economic conditions and additional regulation; S-iii • counterparty default risks; • the loss of any services contracts with our customers, including government contracts, and our ability to perform such contracts at our estimated costs; • our ability to develop and protect our proprietary intellectual property or obtain licenses to intellectual property developed by others on commercially reasonable and competitive terms; • infrastructure disruptions, including disruptions to our information technology and manufacturing infrastructure; • our ability to hedge effectively our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates; • expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate structures, or unfavorable outcomes in tax audits and other tax compliance matters; • declines in fair value or impairment of portfolio investments; • unfavorable results of legal proceedings; • increased environmental, social and governance considerations and expectations; • the impact of global climate change and legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change; • compliance requirements or potential liabilities under changing environmental and safety laws, human rights laws and other laws; • the effect of natural disasters, terrorism, armed hostilities and public health issues; • our dependence on the services of our Chief Executive Officer and our loss of, or inability to continue to attract, retain and motivate, executive talent and other employees; • our level of indebtedness; and • other factors discussed under “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere included in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Because of these risks, contingencies and other uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our expectations change or if new events, circumstances or information arises, and investors should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this prospectus supplement, except as may be required under applicable federal securities law. S-iv ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document has two parts. The first part consists of this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and the notes offered. The second part is the accompanying prospectus dated January 9, 2023. If the description of the offering varies between this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. Before purchasing any notes, you should carefully read both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with the additional information described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference” below. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC, including the filings that are incorporated by reference to this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, are available to the public on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . Investors also may consult our website for more information. Our website is www.delltechnologies.com and the Investors page of our website is https://investors.delltechnologies.com . The information contained in, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus or the accompanying prospectus. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE We disclose important information to you by referring you to documents that we have previously filed with the SEC or documents that we will file with the SEC in the future. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below (other than documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules, unless otherwise expressly incorporated by reference herein): • Dell Technologies’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024; (including information specifically incorporated by reference into such Annual Report on Form 10-K from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on May 17, 2024); • Dell Technologies’ Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended May 3, 2024 and August 2, 2024 ; and • Dell Technologies’ current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2024 , March 7, 2024 , March 18, 2024 , March 26, 2024 , June 10, 2024 , July 2, 2024 , July 12, 2024 and September 19, 2024 . We also incorporate by reference all documents that we subsequently file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this prospectus supplement and prior to the termination of the offering of the shares hereunder. Nothing in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus shall be deemed to incorporate information furnished but not filed with the SEC, unless specifically noted otherwise. Any statement made in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently filed document that also is incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes that statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. S-v You may request a copy of the filings incorporated herein by reference, including exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated by reference, at no cost, by writing or calling us at the following address or telephone number: Dell Technologies Inc. One Dell Way Round Rock, Texas 78682 Attention: Investor Relations Telephone: (512) 728-7800 In addition, you may access the documents incorporated by reference herein free of charge on the SEC’s website. S-vi INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA This prospectus supplement includes and incorporates by reference information with respect to market share and other industry-related and statistical information, which are based on information from independent industry organizations and other third-party sources. We also have derived some industry and market information from our internal analysis based upon data available from such independent and third-party sources and our internal research. We believe such information to be accurate as of the date of this prospectus supplement. However, this information is subject to the limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations and uncertainties. In addition, our internal research is based upon our understanding of industry conditions, and such information has not been verified by any independent sources. Neither we nor the underwriters can guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Such information also involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS We own or have rights to trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. Certain trademarks and/or trade names are subject to registrations or applications to register with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the equivalent in certain foreign jurisdictions, while others are not subject to registration but protected by common law rights. These registered and unregistered marks include our corporate names, logos, and website names used herein. Each trademark, service mark or trade name by any other company appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus belongs to its owner. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks, and trade names referred to in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may appear without the ® , TM , or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks or trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other parties’ trademarks, service marks, or trade names to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, those other parties. BASIS OF PRESENTATION This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus include and incorporate by reference the historical financial statements and other financial data of Dell Technologies, a guarantor of the notes offered hereby. Each of the Issuers is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Inc., a guarantor of the notes offered hereby, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies. No separate financial information has been provided in this prospectus supplement for Dell International or EMC. Unless otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, a reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus to: • the “Code” refers to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; • “Company,” “Dell Technologies,” “we,” “our” or “us” refers to Dell Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, or, as the context requires, to Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; • “Dell” refers to Dell Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, or, as the context requires, to Dell Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; S-vii • “Dell International” refers to Dell International L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, or, as the context requires, to Dell International L.L.C. and its consolidated subsidiaries; • “Denali Intermediate” refers to Denali Intermediate Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies; • “DFS” refers to Dell Financial Services L.L.C. and its affiliates; • “DFS debt” primarily refers to debt issued from time to time, which is non-recourse to the Company and represents borrowings under securitization programs and structured financing programs, for which the Company’s risk of loss is limited to transferred loan and lease payments and associated equipment. As of August 2, 2024, approximately $9.1 billion of DFS debt was outstanding; • “EMC” refers to EMC Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, or, as the context requires, to EMC Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries; • “existing notes” refers to the Senior Notes and the Legacy Notes; • “guarantors” refers to the Company, Dell and Denali Intermediate; • “issuers” refers to Dell International and EMC and not to any of their subsidiaries; • “Legacy Notes” refers, collectively, to the 7.10% Senior Debentures due 2028, 6.50% Senior Notes due 2038 and 5.40% Senior Notes due 2040 issued by Dell, which are not guaranteed by any subsidiary or parent entity of Dell; • “revolving credit facility” refers to our $6.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility; • “Senior Notes” refers, collectively, to the 5.850% Senior Notes due 2025, the 6.020% Senior Notes due 2026, the 4.900% Senior Notes due 2026, the 6.100% Senior Notes due 2027, the 5.250% Senior Notes due 2028, the 5.300% Senior Notes due 2029, the 6.200% Senior Notes due 2030, the 5.750% Senior Notes due 2033, the 5.400% Senior Notes due 2034, the 8.100% Senior Notes due 2036, the 3.375% Senior Notes due 2041, the 8.350% Senior Notes due 2046 and the 3.450% Senior Notes due 2051 co-issued by Dell International and EMC, which are guaranteed by Dell Technologies, Denali Intermediate, and Dell Inc. Following our achievement of an investment grade rating, all of the collateral previously securing the Senior Notes outstanding as of that date were released, and the Senior Notes are currently unsecured; and • “underwriters” refers to the firms the marketing names of which are listed on the cover of this prospectus supplement. Dell Technologies’ fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31. As used throughout this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus: • “Fiscal 2024” refers to Dell Technologies fiscal year ended February 2, 2024. Numerical figures included in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not represent arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. S-viii SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information about the Offering and our business. It does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement, including the section entitled “Risk Factors,” the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference, before making an investment decision. Overview of Dell Technologies Dell Technologies helps organizations build their digital futures and individuals transform how they work, live, and play. We provide customers with a broad and innovative solutions portfolio for the data and artificial intelligence (“AI”) era, including traditional and modern infrastructure. Our differentiated and holistic information technology (“IT”) solutions enable us to capture growth as customer spending priorities evolve. Dell Technologies’ integrated solutions help customers modernize their IT infrastructure, manage and operate in a multicloud world, address workforce transformation, and provide critical solutions that keep people and organizations connected. We are helping customers accelerate their digital transformations to improve and strengthen business and workforce productivity. With our extensive portfolio and our commitment to innovation, we offer secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the core to the cloud, and we are at the forefront of AI, software-defined and cloud native infrastructure solutions. Dell Technologies operates globally, supported by a world-class organization across key functional areas, including technology and product development, marketing, sales, services, and financing. We have a number of operational advantages that provide a critical foundation for our success. Our go-to-market engine includes an extensive direct sales force, with the ability to build deep customer relationships, and a global network of channel partners. Our global services footprint consists of service and support professionals and vendor-managed service centers that support customers across the world. We also manage a world-class supply chain at a significant scale with the ability to remain agile in a variety of environments. We offer customers choice in how they acquire our solutions, including traditional purchasing and financing offerings provided by DFS. We also offer flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models. These offerings allow our customers to pay over time and provide them with operational and financial flexibility. Our vision is to become the most essential technology partner. We help customers address their IT needs and digital transformation objectives as they embrace today’s changing technology landscape. We intend to realize our vision as we execute our strategy to leverage our strengths to extend our leadership positions and capture new growth. We believe we are well-positioned in our industry and that our results will continue to benefit from our operational advantages, which position our company for long-term growth and value creation while keeping our purpose at the forefront of our decision-making: to create technologies that drive human progress. Technology is rapidly evolving with demand for simple and holistic solutions as companies navigate an increasingly complex IT environment. To meet our customers’ needs, we invest in research and development, sales, and other key areas of our business to deliver superior products and solutions capabilities and to drive sustainable long-term growth. We believe our differentiated operating advantages, our leadership, the impacts of technological advancement and data expansion continue to be a force for progress as artificial intelligence and generative AI S-1 have become the next wave of technological innovation. Through each wave of technological progress, we look to advance our capabilities to change the way we work, make decisions, improve business outcomes and customer experience, and reduce cost by leveraging new technology to streamline our systems and optimize business processes. We believe our differentiated operating advantages, our leadership, and our way of doing business provide a foundation to foster growth, drive efficiencies and capitalize on each successive wave of innovation in a dynamic industry. Overview of Dell International, EMC, Denali Intermediate and Dell Each of Dell International and EMC is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell and an indirect wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of Dell Technologies. With respect to the additional guarantors, Denali Intermediate is a direct wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of Dell Technologies. Additionally, Dell is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Denali Intermediate and an indirect wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of Dell Technologies. Dell International, EMC, Denali Intermediate and Dell are holding companies that directly or indirectly hold all of the operating subsidiaries of Dell Technologies. Dell International is the parent of DFS, which, along with its affiliates, supports our businesses by offering and arranging various financing options and services for our customers globally. S-2 Corporate Information Dell Technologies (under the name Denali Holding Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2013 in connection with the going-private transaction in October 2013 pursuant to which the public stockholders of Dell received cash for their shares of Dell common stock. Denali Holding Inc. changed its name to Dell Technologies Inc. on August 25, 2016. Our global corporate headquarters

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]