424B5 1 d860719d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-280715 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is effective. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and they are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated September 26, 2024 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To prospectus dated July 8, 2024) $ $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 Broadcom Inc. (the “Issuer,” “we,” “us” or “our”), a Delaware corporation, is offering four series of notes consisting of $ aggregate principal amount of its % senior notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”), $ aggregate principal amount of its % senior notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”), $ aggregate principal amount of its % senior notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of its % senior notes due 20 (the “20 Notes”) (collectively, the “Notes”). Each of the 20 Notes, the 20 Notes, the 20 Notes and the 20 Notes is referred to as a “series” of Notes. The 20 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of % per year and mature on , 20 . The 20 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of % per year and mature on , 20 . The 20 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of % per year and mature on , 20 . The 20 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of % per year and mature on , 20 . Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes and for repayment of debt. See “ Use of Proceeds .” We may redeem any series of Notes at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the redemption prices discussed under the caption “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption. ” If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined herein) occurs, we may be required to repurchase the Notes from holders. See “ Description of the Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event .” The Notes will be our unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries and will therefore be structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. For a more detailed description of the Notes, see “ Description of the Notes ” beginning on page S- 19 . Investing in the Notes involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S- 9 to read about factors you should consider before buying the Notes. Per 20 Note Total Per 20 Note Total Per 20 Note Total Per 20 Note Total Public offering price (1) % $ % $ % $ % $ Underwriting discounts % $ % $ % $ % $ Proceeds to Broadcom (before expenses) (1) % $ % $ % $ % $ (1) Plus accrued and unpaid interest from , 2024 to the date of delivery. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the Notes to purchasers through the book-entry delivery system of The Depository Trust Company and its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, S.A., on or about , 2024, which will be the business day following the date of this prospectus supplement (such settlement being referred to as “T+ ”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market are generally required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than one business day prior to the scheduled settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle in T+ , to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of such Notes who wish to trade Notes prior to the date of delivery should consult their advisors. Joint Book-Running Managers J.P. Morgan TD Securities Truist Securities The date of this prospectus supplement is September , 2024 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-2 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY S-4 THE OFFERING S-5 RISK FACTORS S-9 USE OF PROCEEDS S-15 CAPITALIZATION S-16 DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES S-19 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-30 UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) S-34 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-40 LEGAL MATTERS S-41 EXPERTS S-41 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 2 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 2 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 BROADCOM INC. 4 RISK FACTORS 5 USE OF PROCEEDS 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 7 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 12 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES 28 SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS 29 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 30 LEGAL MATTERS 31 EXPERTS 32 S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT We provide information to you about the Notes in two separate documents: (1) this prospectus supplement, which describes the terms of this offering and also adds to and updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in that prospectus, and (2) the accompanying prospectus, which provides general information about securities we may offer from time to time, including securities other than and information that does not apply to the Notes being offered by this prospectus supplement. Both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus include important information about us and other information you should know before investing in our Notes. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. It is important for you to read and consider all of the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in making your investment decision. You also should read and consider the information in the documents we have referred you to in the section entitled “ Where You Can Find More Information ” in this prospectus supplement. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or that is contained in any free writing prospectus issued by us. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurances as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell the Notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein or that is contained in any free writing prospectus issued by us is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. As used in this prospectus supplement, (i) all references to “Broadcom,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to Broadcom Inc. and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, except in the sections titled “ The Offering ” and “ Description of the Notes ,” where such terms refer only to Broadcom Inc., excluding our subsidiaries, and (ii) all references to the “Issuer” refer to Broadcom Inc., excluding our subsidiaries. In this prospectus supplement, except where otherwise indicated, references to “$” or “dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States. S-1 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus may contain forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) concerning Broadcom. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that address our expected future business and financial performance and other statements identified by words such as “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “should,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “aim,” and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of Broadcom’s management, current information available to Broadcom’s management, and current market trends and market conditions, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Particular uncertainties that could materially affect future results include risks associated with: global economic conditions and concerns; government regulations and administrative proceedings; trade restrictions and trade tensions; global political and economic conditions; our acquisition of VMware, Inc. (“VMware”), including employee retention, unexpected costs, charges or expenses, and our ability to successfully integrate VMware’s business and realize the expected benefits; any acquisitions or dispositions we may make, including our acquisition of VMware, such as delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating acquired businesses with our existing businesses and our ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected by such acquisitions; dependence on and risks associated with distributors and resellers of our products; our significant indebtedness and the need to generate sufficient cash flows to service and repay such debt; dependence on senior management and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; our ability to protect against cyber security threats and a breach of security systems; cyclicality in the semiconductor industry or in our target markets; any loss of our significant customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; our dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourced supply chain; our dependency on a limited number of suppliers; our ability to accurately estimate customers’ demand and adjust our manufacturing and supply chain accordingly; our ability to continue achieving design wins with our customers, as well as the timing of any design wins; prolonged disruptions of our or our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities, warehouses or other significant operations; our ability to improve our manufacturing efficiency and quality; involvement in legal proceedings; demand for our data center virtualization products; ability of our software products to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments; our ability to manage customer and market acceptance of our products and services; compatibility of our software products with operating environments, platforms or third-party products; our ability to enter into satisfactory software license agreements; availability of third-party software used in our products; use of open source software in our products; sales to government customers; our ability to manage products and services lifecycles; quarterly and annual fluctuations in operating results; our competitive performance; our ability to maintain or improve gross margin; our ability to protect our intellectual property and the unpredictability of any associated litigation expenses; any expenses or reputational damage associated with resolving customer product warranty and indemnification claims, or undetected defects or bugs; our ability to sell to new types of customers and to keep pace with technological advances; our compliance with privacy and data security laws; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; our provision for income taxes and overall cash tax costs, legislation that may impact our overall cash tax costs, our ability to maintain tax concessions in certain jurisdictions and potential tax liabilities as a result of acquiring VMware; and other events and trends on a national, regional, industry-specific and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive and regulatory nature. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the heading “ Risk Factors ” in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and under similar headings in our other filings with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors may not contain all of the material factors that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters S-2 Table of Contents referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus may not in fact occur. We undertake no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. You should carefully read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in their entirety. They contain information that you should consider when making your investment decision. S-3 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. This summary is not complete and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read the entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors” section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, before making an investment decision. Broadcom Inc. Broadcom Inc., a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California, is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products. We have a history of innovation in the semiconductor industry and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud platforms. Our portfolio of industry-leading infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security. We also offer mission critical fibre channel storage area networking products and related software in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. Principal Executive Office Our principal executive office is located at 3421 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (650) 427-6000. All of our operations are conducted through our various subsidiaries, which are organized and operated according to the laws of their country of incorporation, and consolidated by Broadcom. We maintain an investors relation page on our website at www.broadcom.com where general information about Broadcom is available. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on our website. For further information regarding Broadcom, including financial information, you should refer to our recent filings with the SEC. See “ Where You Can Find More Information .” S-4 Table of Contents THE OFFERING The summary below describes the principal terms of the Notes offered hereby. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. As used in this section, the terms the “Issuer,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer only to Broadcom Inc., excluding our subsidiaries. You should carefully review the “Description of the Notes” section of this prospectus supplement, which contains a more detailed description of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Issuer Broadcom Inc. Notes Offered $ million aggregate principal amount of % senior notes due 20 . $ million aggregate principal amount of % senior notes due 20 . $ million aggregate principal amount of % senior notes due 20 . $ million aggregate principal amount of % senior notes due 20 . Interest Rate on the Notes % for the 20 Notes. % for the 20 Notes. % for the 20 Notes. % for the 20 Notes. Interest Payment Dates Semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning , 2025. Maturity Dates , 20 for the 20 Notes. , 20 for the 20 Notes. , 20 for the 20 Notes. , 20 for the 20 Notes. Optional Redemption Prior to the applicable Par Call Date, we may redeem the Notes of the applicable series at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price calculated by us (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the applicable Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate plus (i) basis points, in the case of the 20 Notes, (ii) basis points, in the case of the 20 Notes, (iii) basis points, in the case of the 20 Notes or (iv) basis points, in the case of the 20 Notes, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. On or after the applicable Par Call Date we may redeem the Notes of the applicable series at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. S-5 Table of Contents “Par Call Date” means, with respect to the 20 Notes, (the date that is months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes), with respect to the 20 Notes, (the date that is months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes), with respect to the 20 Notes, (the date that is months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes), and with respect to the 20 Notes, (the date that is months prior to the maturity date of the 20 Notes). See “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption .” Ranking The Notes will be our general unsecured obligations. The Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations. The Notes will rank senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and be structurally subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations of each of our subsidiaries. A substantial portion of our assets are owned through our subsidiaries, many of which have liabilities of their own, which will be structurally senior to the Notes. None of our subsidiaries will have any obligations with respect to the Notes. Therefore, our rights and the rights of our creditors, including holders of Notes, to participate in the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon any such subsidiary’s liquidation may be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors. As of August 4, 2024, the Issuer had approximately $63,848 million aggregate principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money (including guarantees of certain indebtedness for borrowed money of certain of its subsidiaries), and its subsidiaries had approximately $12,665 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding (excluding intercompany indebtedness), all of which indebtedness for borrowed money of such subsidiaries would be structurally senior to the Notes with respect to claims on the assets and cash flows of its subsidiaries. Additional Amounts; Redemption for Taxation Reasons After the occurrence of a non-U.S. domicile transaction (as defined in “ Description of Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale ” in the accompanying prospectus), if payments made by a non-U.S. payor (as defined in “ Description of Debt Securities—Additional Amounts ” in the accompanying prospectus) are subject to any withholding or deduction of taxes by certain relevant tax jurisdictions (other than the United States or any of its political subdivisions or governmental authorities), subject to certain exceptions, the non-U.S. payor is required to pay the additional amounts necessary so that the net amount received by the holders of a series of Notes after the withholding or deduction is not less than the amount that they would have received in the absence of the withholding or deduction. In the event that certain changes in the tax law of any relevant jurisdiction would require a non-U.S. payor to make payments of such additional amounts on a series of Notes, the non-U.S. payor may redeem such series of Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See “ Description of Debt Securities—Additional Amounts ” and “ Description of Debt Securities—Redemption for Taxation Reasons ” in the accompanying prospectus. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes and for repayment of debt. Affiliates of certain underwriters may receive a portion of the net proceeds of this offering in connection with such prepayment. See “ Use of Proceeds .” S-6 Table of Contents Further Issuances The Indenture (as defined below in “ Description of the Notes ”) will not limit the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under it. Among other things, we may, from time to time, without notice to or consent of the holders of any Notes, create and issue additional Notes of a series ranking equally and ratably with, and having the same interest rate, maturity and/or other terms as, other Notes of such series in all respects, or in all respects except for the issue date, the public offering price, the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date or the first interest payment date of such additional Notes; provided that, if such additional Notes are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the initial Notes of such series, such additional Notes will have a different CUSIP, ISIN and/or any other identifying number. Change of Control Upon the occurrence of a “Change of Control Triggering Event” (as defined and described below under “ Description of the Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event ”), unless we have exercised our option to redeem the Notes as described below under “ Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption ” or under “ Description of Debt Securities—Redemption for Taxation Reasons ” in the accompanying prospectus, each holder of Notes will have the right to require that we purchase all or a portion (equal to a minimum of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such holder’s Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase, subject to the rights of holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. See “ Description of the Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event .” Certain Covenants The Indenture will include covenants that will, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined below in “ Description of the Notes—Limitation on Secured Debt—Certain Definitions ”) to create, assume, or guarantee any “Secured Debt” (as defined below in “ Description of the Notes—Limitation on Secured Debt—Certain Definitions ”) without making effective provision for securing the Notes equally and ratably with such Secured Debt, subject to certain exceptions described under “ Description of the Notes—Limitation on Secured Debt ,” and will limit our ability to consolidate with or merge into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, any other person (as described under “ Description of Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale ” in the accompanying prospectus). These covenants will be subject to a number of important qualifications and limitations. See “ Description of the Notes ” below and “ Description of Debt Securities ” in the accompanying prospectus. Form and Denomination The Notes will be issued in fully registered, book-entry form, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. These global notes will be deposited with the trustee as custodian for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Except in the limited circumstances described under “ Description of the Notes—Book-Entry, Delivery and Form ,” notes in certificated form will not be issued or exchanged for interests in global securities. Investors may hold their interests in a global note directly through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in a global note on behalf of their participants through their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in the global note in customers’ securities accounts in the depositaries’ names on the books of DTC. S-7 Table of Contents Trustee, Securities Registrar and Paying Agent Wilmington Trust, National Association. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the information set forth herein under “ Risk Factors ” and the other information in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference before deciding whether to purchase the Notes. No Public Market The Notes are new securities, and there are currently no established trading markets for the Notes. The underwriters have advised us that they presently intend to make a market in the Notes of each series. However, you should be aware that they are not obligated to make a market and may discontinue their market-making activities at any time without notice. As a result, liquid markets for the Notes may not be available if you try to sell your Notes. The Issuer does not intend to apply to list the Notes on any national securities exchange or for inclusion of the Notes on any automated dealer quotation system. See “ Risk Factors—Risks Related to this Offering—There are currently no markets for the Notes, and active trading markets may not develop for the Notes .” Governing Law State of New York. For a more complete description of the terms of the Notes, please see the sections entitled “ Description of the Notes ” in this prospectus supplement and “ Description of Debt Securities ” in the accompanying prospectus. Conflicts of Interest Affiliates of certain underwriters may receive at least 5% of the net proceeds of this offering in connection with the repayment of debt. See “ Use of Proceeds .” Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the requirements of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulation Authority (“FINRA”). Because the Notes to be offered will be rated investment grade, pursuant to Rule 5121, the appointment of a qualified independent underwriter is not necessary. The underwriters subject to Rule 5121 may not confirm sales of the Notes to

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]