424B5 1 tm2429220-3_424b5.htm 424B5 tm2429220-3_424b5 - none - 6.7500356s TABLE OF CONTENTS This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relate to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, but the preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-283481 ​ SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED DECEMBER 2, 2024 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated November 26, 2024) $ Cencora, Inc. $ % Senior Notes due $ % Senior Notes due $ % Senior Notes due We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes”), $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes” and, together with the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes, the “notes”). The Senior Notes will bear interest at a rate of % per year and will mature on , the Senior Notes will bear interest at a rate of % per year and will mature on and the Senior Notes will bear interest at a rate of % per year and will mature on . We will pay interest on the notes semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. We may redeem the notes in whole or in part at any time at the applicable redemption price set forth in this prospectus supplement, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, as described in this prospectus supplement under “Description of Notes — Optional Redemption.” The notes will be unsecured and will rank equal in right of payment with all of our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and senior to any of our future indebtedness, if any, that expressly provides for its subordination to the notes. The notes will be effectively junior to all of our future secured indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries. We intend to use the net proceeds of the notes to finance the Acquisition (as defined in this prospectus supplement) and related fees and expenses, with any remaining net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. To the extent this offering is not completed or if the net proceeds from the offering less than the aggregate amount of the cash purchase price of the Acquisition and related fees and expenses, we have obtained $3.3 billion in bridge financing commitments in connection with the Acquisition, which as a result of entering into the Term Credit Agreement (as defined in this prospectus supplement) have been reduced to $1.8 billion. For a more detailed discussion, see “Use of Proceeds.” This offering is not contingent on the completion of the Acquisition, which, if completed, will occur subsequent to the closing of this offering. In the event that the Acquisition is not completed on or before August 5, 2025 (or such later date to which the “Termination Date” under the RCA Agreement (as defined in this prospectus supplement) is extended by the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof), or if, prior to such date, the RCA Agreement is terminated, other than in connection with the consummation of the Acquisition, we will be required to redeem each series of the notes, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, as described in this prospectus supplement under “Description of Notes — Special Mandatory Redemption Upon Acquisition Termination.” If a change of control triggering event (as defined in this prospectus supplement) occurs, we must offer to repurchase the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-6 of this prospectus supplement for a discussion of certain risks you should consider prior to deciding whether to purchase the notes. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities or determined that this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. ​ ​ ​ ​ Public Offering Price ​ ​ Underwriting Discount ​ ​ Proceeds to Cencora (Before Expenses) ​ Per Senior Note ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ Per Senior Note ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ Per Senior Note ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ The public offering prices set forth above do not include accrued interest, if any. Interest on the notes will accrue from , 2024 and accrued interest must be paid by the purchaser if the notes are delivered after that date. The notes will not be listed or quoted on any securities exchange or automated quotation system. Currently, there are no public trading markets for the notes. ​ The underwriters expect to deliver the notes to purchasers in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear and Clearstream, on or about , 2024. See “Underwriting.” ​ Joint Book-Running Managers ​ BofA Securities ​ ​ Citigroup ​ ​ J.P. Morgan ​ ​ Wells Fargo Securities ​ The date of this Prospectus Supplement is , 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement ​ ​ ​ Page ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ​ ​ ​ ​ S-ii ​ ​ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ S-iii ​ ​ SUMMARY ​ ​ ​ ​ S-1 ​ ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-6 ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-11 ​ ​ CAPITALIZATION ​ ​ ​ ​ S-12 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF NOTES ​ ​ ​ ​ S-14 ​ ​ U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES ​ ​ ​ ​ S-32 ​ ​ UNDERWRITING ​ ​ ​ ​ S-37 ​ ​ VALIDITY OF SECURITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ S-44 ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ S-44 ​ ​ Prospectus ​ ​ ​ Page ​ RISK FACTORS ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ CENCORA, INC. ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ USE OF PROCEEDS ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK AND PREFERRED STOCK ​ ​ ​ ​ 7 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ 12 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES ​ ​ ​ ​ 22 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 24 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 25 ​ ​ DESCRIPTION OF UNITS ​ ​ ​ ​ 26 ​ ​ PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ​ ​ ​ ​ 27 ​ ​ VALIDITY OF SECURITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ EXPERTS ​ ​ ​ ​ 28 ​ ​ S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document consists of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which contains the terms of this offering of the notes. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, dated November 26, 2024, which we refer to in this prospectus supplement as the “accompanying prospectus.” The accompanying prospectus is part of our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-283481) and contains more general information about the securities we may offer from time to time, some of which does not apply to this offering. The prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus also incorporate by reference the documents that are described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference.” Generally, when we refer to “this prospectus,” we are referring to both parts of this document combined. In making your investment decision, you should rely only on the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and any free writing prospectus we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (which we refer to as the “SEC”). We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. If the information set forth in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus varies in any way from the information set forth in a document we have incorporated by reference, you should rely on the information in the more recent document. You should not assume the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or any free writing prospectus we file with the SEC is accurate as of any date other than the date of such documents or that the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date of the document incorporated by reference. Our business, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. References in this prospectus to “Cencora,” “we,” “us” and “our” and all similar references are to Cencora, Inc. (parent company only) and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires. Specifically, in the “Summary — Cencora, Inc.” section of this prospectus supplement, references to “Cencora,” “we,” “us” and “our” and all similar references are to Cencora, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we file with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the “Exchange Act”), which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus supplement, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update, modify and, where applicable, supersede this information. We incorporate by reference into this prospectus supplement the specific documents listed below and all documents filed by us with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this prospectus supplement and the termination of the offering of securities under this prospectus supplement, which future filings shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and to be part of this prospectus supplement from the date we subsequently file such documents. Unless we specifically state otherwise, we do not incorporate by reference any documents or information deemed to be furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules. The SEC file number for these documents is 001-16671. • Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2024 ; and ​ • Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024 , November 8, 2024 and November 27, 2024 . ​ Any statement contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or, where applicable, superseded for the purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or any subsequently filed document that also is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus modifies or supersedes such prior statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. We will provide to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request and without charge, a copy of the documents referred to above that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and a copy of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You can request copies of such documents if you call or write us at the following address or telephone number: Cencora, Inc. 1 West First Avenue Conshohocken, PA 19428 Telephone: (610) 727-7000 Attention: Secretary Exhibits to the documents will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference into such document. You may also obtain copies of our SEC filings as described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” in the accompanying prospectus. S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information about us and this offering. It does not contain all of the information that may be important to you in deciding whether to purchase the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement, as well as the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, which are described in the accompanying prospectus under “Where You Can Find More Information” and in this prospectus supplement under “Documents Incorporated by Reference,” prior to deciding whether to purchase the notes. For purposes of the section below, “Summary — Cencora, Inc.,” references to “Cencora,” “we,” “us,” and “our” are to Cencora, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Cencora, Inc. Cencora is one of the largest global pharmaceutical sourcing and distribution services companies, helping both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical and biotech manufacturers improve patient access to products and enhance patient care. We deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health. More specifically, we distribute a comprehensive offering of brand-name, specialty brand-name, and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers located in the United States and select global markets, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, physician practices, medical and dialysis clinics, veterinarians, and other customers. Additionally, we furnish healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers with an assortment of related services, including data analytics, outcomes research, reimbursement and pharmaceutical consulting services (including regulatory affairs, development consulting and scientific affairs, pharmacovigilance, and quality management and compliance), niche premium logistics services, inventory management, pharmacy automation, pharmacy management, and packaging solutions. Recent Developments Acquisition of Retina Consultants of America (“RCA”) On November 5, 2024, we entered into an agreement (the “RCA Agreement”) to acquire RCA (the “Acquisition”). Under the terms of the RCA Agreement, we will acquire RCA for cash based on an enterprise value of approximately $4.6 billion, subject to a customary working capital and net-debt adjustment. RCA’s affiliated practices, physicians, and management will rollover a portion of their equity in RCA. After giving effect to the rollover, a cash capitalization of RCA that we intend to make, and the payment of transaction fees and expenses, our expected cash outlay at closing would be approximately $4.3 billion. At closing, we expect to hold approximately 85% ownership in RCA. The RCA Agreement also provides for the potential payment of up to $500 million in aggregate contingent consideration in fiscal 2027 and fiscal 2028, subject to the successful completion of certain predefined business objectives. We have obtained $3.3 billion in bridge financing commitments in connection with the Acquisition, which as a result of entering into the Term Credit Agreement (as defined below) have been reduced to $1.8 billion. The Acquisition is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. Financing Transactions Term Loan Facility On November 26, 2024, we entered into a Term Credit Agreement, with the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Term Credit Agreement”). We entered into the Term Credit Agreement in connection with the Acquisition. The Term Credit Agreement provides for a senior unsecured term facility of $1.5 billion (the “Term Loan”), which matures three years from the date on which the Term Loan is drawn under the Term Credit Agreement (such date on which the Acquisition is consummated and the Term Loan is drawn, the “Closing Date”). The proceeds of the Term Loan will be used to pay a portion of the cash consideration in respect of the Acquisition and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Acquisition. The Closing Date and the funding under the Term Credit S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agreement are subject to customary conditions, including the consummation of the Acquisition. The Term Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative, negative and financial covenants that are substantially similar to the covenants contained in our existing $2.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility and also contains customary events of default. The foregoing description of the Term Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Term Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 27, 2024 and is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. As discussed above, in connection with the Acquisition, we obtained $3.3 billion in bridge financing commitments to fund the cash purchase price of the Acquisition. As a result of entering into the Term Credit Agreement, such bridge financing commitments have been automatically reduced by $1.5 billion, which is the amount of the commitments under the Term Credit Agreement, to $1.8 billion. Bridge Facility We have obtained $3.3 billion in bridge financing commitments in connection with the Acquisition, which as a result of entering into the Term Credit Agreement have been reduced to $1.8 billion. We do not expect to borrow under any bridge financing facilities if we are able to raise sufficient proceeds in this offering to finance the Acquisition, together with our cash on hand and the proceeds of the Term Credit Agreement. 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility On November 26, 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the “364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement”), with the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, pursuant to which we obtained a $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “364-Day Revolving Credit Facility”). Borrowings under the 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility will be available on and after Closing Date and will mature on the date that is 364 days after the Closing Date (the “364-Day Revolving Facility Maturity Date”). Borrowings outstanding on the 364-Day Revolving Facility Maturity Date will mature and be payable on such date, or, at our option, on the first anniversary of the 364-Day Revolving Facility Maturity Date. Our option to extend the maturity of any borrowings outstanding on the 364-Day Revolving Facility Maturity Date is subject to customary conditions and the payment of an extension fee on such outstanding borrowings. The foregoing description of the 364-Revolving Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 27, 2024 and is incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. The agreements described in “Summary — Recent Developments” may contain representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements by each of the parties to the applicable agreement or other instrument. You should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants in such agreements or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or conditions of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. These representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement or other instrument and: • should not in any instance be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk among the parties to such agreements and other instruments if those statements prove to be inaccurate; ​ • may be qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement or instrument, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement or instrument; ​ • may apply standards of materiality in ways that are different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and ​ • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or instrument or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement or instrument and are subject to more recent developments. ​ ​ S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering The following is a brief summary of certain terms and conditions of this offering. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. For a more complete description of the terms of the notes, see “Description of Notes” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. Issuer Cencora, Inc. Notes Offered $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes”). $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes”). $ aggregate principal amount of% Senior Notes due (the “ Senior Notes”). Maturity Date for the Senior Notes. for the Senior Notes. for the Senior Notes. Interest Interest on the Senior Notes will accrue at the rate of % per annum. Interest on the Senior Notes will accrue at the rate of % per annum. Interest on the Senior Notes will accrue at the rate of % per annum. Interest on the notes will be paid semi-annually on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. Interest on the notes will be paid on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. No Initial Guarantees None of our subsidiaries will initially guarantee the notes. However, certain of our domestic subsidiaries will be obligated to guarantee the notes under certain circumstances. See “Description of Notes — Additional Covenants.” Ranking The notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank: • equal in right of payment with all of our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness; ​ • senior to any of our future subordinated debt, if any, that expressly provides for its subordination to the notes; and ​ • effectively junior to all of our future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. ​ As of September 30, 2024, we had no subordinated debt, and there were no borrowings outstanding under our receivables securitization facility, which is secured by certain receivables and related collateral as further described therein. The notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future recourse indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries to the extent of the value of the assets of such subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, our wholly-owned S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS subsidiaries had an aggregate of $13.4 billion of recourse indebtedness and other liabilities (excluding trade payables). See also “Summary — Recent Developments.” The notes will be structurally subordinated to such indebtedness and other liabilities. Certain Covenants The indenture governing the notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to create liens and enter into sale-leaseback transactions and limit our ability to merge or consolidate with or into another person or to sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of our and our restricted subsidiaries’ assets, taken as a whole. These limitations are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions. See “Description of Notes — Additional Covenants” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of Debt Securities — Consolidation, Merger or Sale of Assets” in the accompanying prospectus. Change of Control If a change of control triggering event (as defined herein) occurs, we must offer to repurchase the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. See “Description of Notes — Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event” in this prospectus supplement. Optional Redemption We may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to (the date that is prior to the maturity date of the notes) (the “ Notes Par Call Date”) at a “make-whole” redemption price and at any time on or after the Notes Par Call Date at 100% of the principal amount, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. We may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to (the date that is prior to the maturity date of the notes) (the “ Notes Par Call Date”) at a “make-whole” redemption price and at any time on or after the Notes Par Call Date at 100% of the principal amount, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. We may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to (the date that is prior to the maturity date of the notes) (the “ Notes Par Call Date”) at a “make-whole” redemption price and at any time on or after the Notes Par Call Date at 100% of the principal amount, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. Special Mandatory Redemption Upon Acquisition Termination If the Acquisition is not completed on or before August 5, 2025 (or such later date to which the “Termination Date” under the RCA Agreement is extended by the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof), or, if prior to such date, the RCA Agreement is terminated other than in connection with the consummation of the Acquisition, we will be required to redeem each series of the notes, in whole but not in part, at the redemption prices described herein under the caption “Description of Notes — Special Mandatory Redemption upon Acquisition Termination.” Denominations The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Book-Entry Form The notes will be issued in fully registered book-entry form and will be represented by one or more permanent global notes without coupons. The global notes will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company (referred to in this prospectus supplement as “DTC”). Investors may elect to hold interests in the global notes through DTC and its direct and indirect participants. Beneficial interests in any of the global notes will be shown on, and transfers will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee and any such interest may not be exchanged for certificated securities, except in limited circumstances. See “Description of Notes — Global Securities” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of Debt Securities — Legal Ownership of Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. Trustee U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association). Governing Law New York. Trading The notes are new issues of securities with no established trading market. We do not intend to apply for listing or quotation of the notes on any securities exchange or automated quotation system. The underwriters have advised us that they intend to make a market in the notes, but they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue market-making at any time without

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]