424B5 1 lasvegassandscorp424b5prel.htm 424B5 Document Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-275303 The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 29, 2025 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated November 3, 2023) $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 We are offering (i) $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 notes”) and (ii) $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 notes” and, together with the 20 notes, the “notes”). Interest on the notes will accrue from , 2025 and be payable semi-annually on and of each year, commencing on , 2025. The 20 notes will mature on , 20 and the 20 notes will mature on , 20 . We may redeem the notes of each series in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the applicable redemption prices described under the heading “ Description of Notes—Optional Redemption ” in this prospectus supplement. The notes are subject to redemption requirements imposed by gaming authorities in jurisdictions where we operate. In the event of a change of control triggering event, we will be required to offer to repurchase the notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the repurchase date. The notes will be our general senior unsecured obligations and will be equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. The notes will be effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured obligations, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such obligations. The notes will not be obligations of, or guaranteed by, any of our subsidiaries. As a result, the notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities and preferred stock of our subsidiaries. See “ Description of Notes—Brief Description of the Notes—Ranking .” The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. There are currently no public markets for the notes. Investing in the notes involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S- 13 of this prospectus supplement to read about certain risks you should consider before investing in the notes. Initial public offering price Underwriting discounts and commissions Proceeds before expenses to us Per Note Total Per Note Total Per Note Total % Senior Notes due 20 % $ (1) % $ % $ % Senior Notes due 20 % $ (1) % $ % $ __________________ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2025 if settlement occurs after that date. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. No gaming regulatory agency has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or the investment merits of the securities offered hereby. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. We expect delivery of the notes to be made to investors on or about , 2025 only in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), which will be the business day following the date of this prospectus supplement (this settlement cycle referred to as “T+ ”). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes more than one business day prior to , 2025 will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes will initially settle in T+ , to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes during such period should consult their own advisors. See “ Underwriting—Settlement .” Joint Book-Running Managers Barclays BofA Securities Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Morgan Stanley Prospectus Supplement dated , 2025 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S - ii CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S - iii SUMMARY S- 1 RISK FACTORS S - 13 USE OF PROCEEDS S - 19 CAPITALIZATION S - 20 DESCRIPTION OF NOTES S - 21 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS S - 44 U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS S - 49 UNDERWRITING S - 52 LEGAL MATTERS S - 57 EXPERTS S - 57 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S - 57 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE S - 58 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 2 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 2 STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 3 THE COMPANY 5 RISK FACTORS 6 USE OF PROCEEDS 6 DESCRIPTION OF THE DEBT SECURITIES 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 9 DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES 13 DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS 16 DESCRIPTION OF THE PURCHASE CONTRACTS 18 DESCRIPTION OF THE UNITS 18 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 18 LEGAL MATTERS 22 EXPERTS 22 S-i Table of Contents Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized any other person to give any information not contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus relating to this offering prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus relating to this offering prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you constitute an offer to sell only the notes offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in any free writing prospectus relating to this offering prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you is current only as of the respective dates of such documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is in two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which contains specific information about the terms of this offering. This prospectus supplement also adds and updates information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the accompanying prospectus. The second part, the accompanying prospectus, provides more general information about us and securities we may offer from time to time, some of which may not apply to this offering of notes. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus incorporate by reference important business and financial information about us that is not included in or delivered with this prospectus supplement. You should read both this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus together with the additional information below under the heading “ Where You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference .” If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or any document incorporated herein or therein by reference, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. As used in this prospectus supplement, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us,” “our” or “the Company” refer to Las Vegas Sands Corp., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries, and “Las Vegas Sands” or “LVSC” refers to Las Vegas Sands Corp., a Nevada corporation, without its subsidiaries. S-ii Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement includes or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include the discussions of our business strategies and expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources. In addition, in certain portions included in this prospectus supplement, the words: “anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “positions,” “remains,” “seeks,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions, as they relate to our Company or management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you any forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. These statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events that, by their nature, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance, achievements or other expectations to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or other expectations expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with: • Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy; • Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations; • Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel; • We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate; • Certain local gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate; • We depend primarily on our properties in two markets for all of our cash flow, and because we are a parent company, our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries; • Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations; • We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • We extend credit to a portion of our patrons, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit patrons; • Win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming patrons could exceed our casino winnings; • We face the risk of fraud and cheating; • Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future; • Our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures, including through acquisitions or strategic transactions, may not be successful; • Our loan receivable is subject to certain risks, which could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows; • There are significant risks associated with our current and planned construction projects; • Our Macao Concession and Singapore development agreements and casino license can be terminated or redeemed under certain circumstances without compensation to us; S-iii Table of Contents • The number of visitors to our Integrated Resorts, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel may be disrupted; • The Macao and Singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase competition we face; • Conducting business in Macao and Singapore has certain political and economic risks; • Our tax arrangements with the Macao government may not be extended on terms favorable to us or at all beyond their expiration dates; • We are subject to limitations on the transfers of cash to and from our subsidiaries, limitations of the pataca and Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the Renminbi; • VML may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers seconded to its contractors under government labor quotas; • Our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or the value of our securities or our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors may be materially and adversely affected to the extent the laws and regulations of mainland China become applicable to our operations in Macao and Hong Kong or economic, political and legal developments in Macao adversely affect our Macao operations; • The interests of our principal stockholders in our business may be different from yours; • Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of SCL; • We depend on the continued services of key officers; • We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao and Singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor; • Failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business; • We may fail to establish and protect our IP rights and could be subject to claims of IP infringement; • The licensing of our trademarks to third parties could result in reputational harm for us; • Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer, and our insurance costs may increase in the future; • We are subject to changes in tax laws and regulations; • We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and governance and sustainability matters; and • Other risks and uncertainties detailed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC. All future written and verbal forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statement is made. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus supplement as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by federal securities laws. S-iv Table of Contents Investors and others should note we announce material financial information using our investor relations website (https://investor.sands.com), our company website, SEC filings, investor events, news and earnings releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our products and services, and other issues. In addition, we post certain information regarding SCL, a subsidiary of Las Vegas Sands with ordinary shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, from time to time on our company website and our investor relations website. It is possible the information we post regarding SCL could be deemed to be material information. The content of these websites is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any other report or document we file, and any reference to these websites is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. S-v Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary does not contain all the information that may be important to you in deciding whether to invest in the notes. You should read this entire prospectus, including the section entitled “ Risk Factors ” and the financial statements and related notes thereto, before making an investment decision. We are a Fortune 500 company and the leading global developer and operator of destination properties (“Integrated Resorts”) that feature premium accommodations, world-class gaming, entertainment and retail malls, convention and exhibition facilities, celebrity chef restaurants and other amenities. We currently own and operate Integrated Resorts in Macao and Singapore. We believe our geographic diversity, best-in-class properties and convention-based business model provide us with the best platform in the hospitality and gaming industry to continue generating growth and cash flow while simultaneously pursuing new development opportunities. We focus on the mass market, which comprises our most profitable gaming segment. We believe the mass market segment will continue to deliver long-term growth as a result of continuing economic growth, expansion of the middle class and an increasing number of high net worth individuals across our markets in Asia. We also offer loyalty programs at our properties, which provide access to rewards, privileges and members-only events. Additionally, we believe being in the retail mall business and, specifically, owning some of the largest retail properties in Asia will provide meaningful value for us, particularly as the retail market in Asia continues to grow. Our properties also cater to high-end patrons by providing them with luxury amenities and premium service levels. These amenities include luxury accommodations, restaurants, lounges, invitation-only clubs and private gaming salons. In each of the regions where we operate, the Paiza brand is associated with certain of these exclusive facilities and represents an important part of our VIP gaming marketing strategy. Our unique convention-based marketing strategy allows us to attract business travelers during the slower mid-week periods while leisure travelers occupy our properties during the weekends. Our convention, trade show and meeting facilities, combined with the on-site amenities offered at our Macao and Singapore Integrated Resorts, provide flexible and expansive space for meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions (“MICE”). Through our 72.29% ownership of Sands China Ltd. (“SCL”), we own and operate a collection of Integrated Resorts in the Macao Special Administrative Region (“Macao”) of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). These properties include The Venetian Macao Resort Hotel (“The Venetian Macao”); The Londoner Macao; The Parisian Macao; The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Hotel Macao, Cotai Strip (the “Four Seasons Macao”); and the Sands Macao. In Singapore, we own and operate the iconic Marina Bay Sands, which opened in 2010 and is one of Singapore's major tourist, business and retail destinations. We are dedicated to sustainability across environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) priorities, anchored by our People, Communities and Planet corporate responsibility platform. In 2024, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the seventh consecutive year and to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the fifth consecutive year, recognizing our ESG leadership and performance. We strive to deliver a positive working environment for our team members worldwide and pledge to promote the advancement of aspiring team members through a range of educational partnerships, grants and leadership training. We are committed to creating and investing in industry-leading policies and procedures to safeguard our customers, partners, employees and neighbors. We drive social impact through, among other things, our Sands Cares charitable giving and community engagement program. Our industry-leading Integrated Resorts provide substantial contributions to our host communities including growth in leisure and business tourism, sustained job creation and ongoing financial opportunities for local small and medium-sized businesses. We continuously make efforts to improve our environmental performance through our Sands ECO360 global sustainability program (“Sands ECO360”). Through Sands ECO360, we develop and implement environmental practices to advance energy efficiency and transition to renewables, reduce waste, conserve water and source products and materials responsibly. S-1 Table of Contents Asia Operations Macao The Venetian Macao is the anchor property of our Cotai Strip development and is located approximately two miles from the Taipa Ferry Terminal on Macao's Taipa Island and six miles from the bridge linking Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai. The Venetian Macao includes approximately 503,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 678 table games and 1,140 slot machines and electronic table games (“ETGs”). The Venetian Macao features a 39-floor luxury hotel tower with 2,905 elegantly appointed luxury suites and the Shoppes at Venetian, approximately 952,000 square feet of unique retail shopping with 350 stores featuring many international brands and home to 60 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. In addition, The Venetian Macao has approximately 1.2 million square feet of convention facilities and meeting room space, an 1,800-seat theater and the recently renovated 14,000-seat Venetian Arena that hosts world-class entertainment and sporting events. The Londoner Macao, our largest Integrated Resort on the Cotai Strip, is located across the street from The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao. The Londoner Macao presents a range of attractions and features, including some of London’s most recognizable landmarks, such as the Houses of Parliament and the Elizabeth Tower (commonly known as “Big Ben”), and interactive guest experiences. The Integrated Resort features four hotel towers. The first hotel tower consists of Londoner Court with 368 luxury suites and 400 rooms and suites under the St. Regis brand. The second hotel tower consists of 659 five-star rooms and suites under the Conrad brand and The Londoner Macao Hotel with 594 London-themed suites, including 14 exclusive Suites by David Beckham. We have substantially completed work on Phase II of The Londoner Macao, which commenced in 2023 and primarily includes the renovation of the rooms in the third and fourth hotel towers, previously the Sheraton Grand Macao, and resulted in 1,382 and 1,023 rooms and suites, respectively, upon completion in April 2025. The Sheraton Grand Macao has been rebranded into the Londoner Grand hotel, becoming Macao’s first Marriott International Luxury Collection hotel. Additionally, Phase II of The Londoner Grand included an upgrade of the gaming areas, with the Londoner Grand casino opening in September 2024, and the addition of attractions, dining, retail and entertainment offerings (see “Development Projects” for further information). The Integrated Resort includes approximately 400,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 513 table games and 1,281 slot machines and ETGs, approximately 358,000 square feet of meeting space, a 1,701-seat theater, the 6,000-seat Londoner Arena, approximately 566,000 square feet of retail space with 164 stores and home to 50 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. The Parisian Macao, which is connected to The Venetian Macao and The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao, includes approximately 272,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 267 table games and 900 slot machines and ETGs. The Parisian Macao also features 2,541 rooms and suites and the Shoppes at Parisian, approximately 297,000 square feet of unique retail shopping with 109 stores featuring many international brands and home to 24 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of cuisines. Other non-gaming amenities at The Parisian Macao include a meeting room complex of approximately 62,000 square feet and a 1,200-seat theater. Directly in front of The Parisian Macao, and connected via a covered walkway to the main building, is a half-scale authentic re-creation of the Eiffel Tower containing a viewing platform and restaurant. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao, which is located adjacent to The Venetian Macao, has approximately 108,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 105 table games and 13 slot machines and ETGs at its Plaza Casino. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao also has 360 elegantly appointed rooms and suites managed by FS Macau Lda., several food and beverage offerings, and conference and banquet facilities. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons features 289 luxury suites. The Shoppes at Four Seasons includes approximately 262,000 square feet of retail space with 138 stores and 10 restaurant and food outlets, and is connected to the Shoppes at Venetian. The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Macao also features 19 ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions, which are individually designed and made available by invitation only. S-2 Table of Contents The Sands Macao, the first U.S. operated Las Vegas-style casino in Macao, is situated near the Macao-Hong Kong Ferry Terminal on a waterfront parcel centrally located between Macao's Gongbei border gate with China and Macao's central business district. The Sands Macao includes approximately 176,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with approximately 117 table games and 366 slot machines and ETGs. The Sands Macao also includes a 289-suite hotel tower, spa facilities and several restaurants and entertainment areas. We operate the gaming areas within our Macao properties pursuant to a 10-year gaming concession that expires in December 2032. Singapore Marina Bay Sands opened with approximately 2,600 rooms and suites located in three 55-story hotel towers. We recently completed the extensive renovation work with 1,844 rooms and suites resulting upon completion, which is expected to greatly enhance the positioning of our hotel product. Atop the three towers is the Sands SkyPark, an extensive outdoor recreation area with a 150-meter infinity swimming pool and leading restaurant and nightlife brands. The Integrated Resort offers approximately 162,000 square feet of gaming space with approximately 543 table games and 3,000 slot machines and ETGs; approximately 616,000 square feet at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands, an enclosed retail, dining and entertainment complex with signature restaurants from world-renowned chefs; an event plaza and promenade; and an art/science museum. Marina Bay Sands also includes approximately 1.2 million square feet of meeting and convention space and a state-of-the-art theater for top Broadway shows, concerts and gala events. We operate the gaming area within our Singapore property pursuant to a 30-year casino concession provided under a development agreement entered into in August 2006. Development Projects Macao The Company operates gaming areas within Macao, pursuant to a 10-year concession agreement (the “Concession”), which expires on December 31, 2032. As part of the Concession entered into by Venetian Macau Limited (“VML,” a subsidiary of Sands China Ltd., a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company) and the Macao government, VML has committed to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 35.84 billion patacas (approximately $4.47 billion at exchange rates in effect on March 31, 2025) in Macao (the “Investment Plan”). Of this total, 33.39 billion patacas (approximately $4.17 billion at exchange rates in effect on March 31, 2025) must be invested in non-gaming projects. These investments must be accomplished by December 2032. Pursuant to the Concession, the Company has spent approximately $168 million on these projects for the year ended December 31, 2023. This amount was reviewed and confirmed as qualified spend under the Concession by the Macao government following an audit conducted in July 2024, with results issued in November 2024. The Macao government conducts an annual audit to confirm qualified concession investments for the prior year. As of the date of this filing, the audit process for the Company’s investments spent during the year ended December 31, 2024, has not yet commenced. The Company’s Investment Plan in Macao includes investments in projects across a number of key areas including attracting international visitors, conventions and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, themed attractions, supporting Macao’s status as a city of gastronomy, and enhancing community and maritime tourism. Key aspects of the Investment Plan remain subject to Macao government approval and include: • MICE Facility Expansion . The Company's vision is to elevate Macao's status in the international convention sector. To this end, the Company is proposing the construction of a state-of-the-art MICE facility. The facility is intended to connect to the Company's existing Venetian Macao exhibition center. This expansion aims to increase the Company's hosting capacity and enhance Macao’s appeal as a premier destination for significant corporate events, supported by advanced resources to help organize such events and targeted marketing strategies. S-3 Table of Contents • Tropical Garden Redevelopment . The Company plans to transform the Le Jardin garden, situated adjacent to The Londoner Macao, into a distinctive garden-themed attraction. Key highlights include an iconic conservatory and meticulously designed themed green spaces. The Company anticipates this venue will evolve into a renowned Macao landmark and year-round attraction for tourists and local residents, further solidifying Macao's reputation as a premier destination. The Company has substantially completed the work on Phase II of The Londoner Macao, which primarily includes the renovation of the rooms in the Sheraton hotel towers, an upgrade of the gaming areas and the addition of attractions, dining, retail and entertainment offerings. The conversion of the Sheraton Grand Macao into the Londoner Grand hotel is now complete and represents Macao’s

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]