424B5 1 d886539d424b5.htm 424B5 424B5 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-281896 The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. We are not using this preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus to offer to sell these securities or to solicit offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER 4, 2024 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus Dated September 3, 2024) $ % Senior Notes due 20 % Senior Notes due 20 Agilent Technologies, Inc. is offering $ aggregate principal amount of its % Senior Notes due , 20 and $ aggregate principal amount of its % Senior Notes due , 20 . We refer to the % Senior Notes due 20 as the “20 notes”, to the % Senior Notes due 20 as the “20 notes,” and to the 20 notes and the 20 notes collectively as the “notes.” The 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum and will mature on , 20 . The 20 notes will bear interest at a rate of % per annum and will mature on , 20 . Interest on each series of notes will accrue from , 2024 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, commencing , 2025. Agilent Technologies, Inc. may redeem either series of notes in whole or in part at any time prior to their maturity at the applicable redemption price described in this prospectus supplement under “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” In addition, in the event that (i) the BioVectra Acquisition (as defined herein) is not consummated on or prior to the later of (1) July 21, 2025 and (2) the date that is five business days after any later date to which the parties to the Purchase Agreement may agree to extend the “End Date” in the Purchase Agreement (as defined herein) (the “Special Mandatory Redemption End Date”) or (ii) we notify the trustee in writing under the indenture governing the 20 notes that we will not pursue consummation of the BioVectra Acquisition (any such event, a “Special Mandatory Redemption Event”), we will be required to redeem all of the 20 notes (the “Special Mandatory Redemption”) at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) (the “Special Mandatory Redemption Price”). See “Description of Notes—Special Mandatory Redemption.” The 20 notes will not be subject to any such mandatory redemption provisions, and, accordingly, whether such notes remain outstanding or not will not be impacted by the BioVectra Acquisition. The completion of this offering is not contingent on the consummation of the BioVectra Acquisition, which, if completed, will occur subsequent to the closing of this offering. Upon the occurrence of a “change of control repurchase event” with respect to a series of notes, Agilent Technologies, Inc. will be required to make an offer to repurchase such notes at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The notes will be senior unsecured obligations of Agilent Technologies, Inc. and will rank equally with all of its other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The notes will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. The notes are being offered globally for sale in jurisdictions where it is lawful to make such offers and sales. The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-9 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in the notes. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or determined that this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Price to public(1) Underwriting discount Proceeds, before expenses, to us(1) Per 20 Note % % % 20 Notes Total $ $ $ Per 20 Note % % % 20 Notes Total $ $ $ Total $ $ $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2024, if settlement occurs after that date. The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any automated dealer quotation system. Currently, there are no public markets for the notes. We expect that delivery of the notes will be made to investors in registered book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), and Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), on or about , 2024, which is the business day following the date of this prospectus supplement. See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)”. Joint Book-Running Managers BofA Securities J.P. Morgan Mizuho Wells Fargo Securities BNP PARIBAS SOCIETE GENERALE The date of this prospectus supplement is , 2024. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Supplement About This Prospectus Supplement S-ii Prospectus Supplement Summary S-1 Risk Factors S-9 Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements S-13 Use of Proceeds S-15 Capitalization S-16 Description of Notes S-17 Certain Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences S-31 Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) S-35 Legal Matters S-42 Experts S-42 Where You Can Find More Information S-42 Incorporation by Reference S-43 Page Prospectus About This Prospectus 1 Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 2 The Company 4 Risk Factors 5 Use of Proceeds 6 Description of Debt Securities 7 Plan of Distribution 16 Legal Matters 18 Experts 18 Where You Can Find More Information 18 Incorporation by Reference 18 This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus we prepare or authorize, contain and incorporate by reference information that you should consider when making your investment decision. We have not, and the underwriters and their affiliates and agents have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters and their affiliates and agents are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the respective date of the document in which the information is contained. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. S-i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is part of the automatic registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission using a “shelf” registration process as a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act and consists of two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, including the documents incorporated by reference, which describes the specific terms of this offering. The second part, the accompanying prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, gives more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer to the “prospectus,” we are referring to both parts combined. This prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus we authorize for use in connection with this offering may add to, update or change information in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus or with any document incorporated by reference that was filed with the SEC before the date of this prospectus supplement, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into each of them and the information contained in any free writing prospectus we authorize for use in connection with this offering include important information about us, the notes and other information you should consider before investing in the notes. See “Incorporation by Reference.” This prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated herein and therein by reference contain references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated herein and therein, including logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, service marks or trademarks to imply a relationship with, endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or any related free writing prospectus are the property of their respective owners. S-ii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference and may not contain all of the information that you should consider before making your investment decision. We encourage you to read this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together with the documents identified under the caption “Incorporation by Reference” and the information contained in any free writing prospectus we authorize for use in connection with this offering, in their entirety before making an investment decision. You should pay special attention to the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus supplement, the “Risk Factors” section in the accompanying prospectus and the “Risk Factors” section in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2024. Unless otherwise indicated, use in this prospectus supplement of the terms: • “Agilent,” “we,” “us,” “our” and “our company” refer to Agilent Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its consolidated subsidiaries; • “fiscal year” refers to a twelve month period ended October 31; and • “Issuer” refers to Agilent Technologies, Inc. and not any of its subsidiaries. Our Company Agilent Technologies, Inc. is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. We currently have three business segments comprised of the life sciences and applied markets business, the diagnostics and genomics business and the Agilent CrossLab business. • Our life sciences and applied markets business provides application-focused solutions that include instruments, consumables and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. Key product categories include: liquid chromatography (“LC”) systems and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems; gas chromatography (“GC”) systems and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry instruments; atomic absorption instruments; microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry instruments; raman spectroscopy; laboratory software for sample tracking; information management and analytics; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; vacuum pumps and measurement technologies. Our consumables portfolio is designed to improve customer outcomes. Most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning we can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. Solutions range from chemistries to supplies. Key product categories in consumables include GC and LC columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory instrument supplies. Our life sciences and applied markets business generated net revenue of approximately $782 million in the three months ended July 31, 2024 and approximately $2.4 billion in the nine months ended July 31, 2024. • Our diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of seven areas of activity providing active pharmaceutical ingredients (“APIs”) for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. First, our cell analysis business includes instruments, reagents, software, and labware associated with unique live-cell analysis platforms in addition to mainstream flow cytometers, plate-readers, and plate washers/dispensers which S-1 Table of Contents are used across a broad range of applications. Second, our nucleic acid solutions business is a contract and development manufacturing organization that provides services related to and the production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for use as API in a class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. Third, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. The broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, hematoxylin and eosin staining and special staining. Fourth, we also collaborate with a number of major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Fifth, the reagent partnership business provides clinical flow cytometry reagents for routine cancer diagnostics. This business also provides bulk antibodies as raw materials and associated assay development services to in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Sixth, our genomics business includes arrays and next generation sequencing (“NGS”). This business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify DNA variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. Finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples. Samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques including NGS, utilized in clinical and life science research applications. Our diagnostics and genomics business generated net revenue of approximately $385 million in the three months ended July 31, 2024 and approximately $1.2 billion in the nine months ended July 31, 2024. • The Agilent CrossLab business spans the entire lab with its extensive services portfolio, which is designed to improve customer outcomes. The majority of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning we can serve customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. The services portfolio includes repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting and various other custom services to support the customers’ laboratory operations. Custom services are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements. Our Agilent CrossLab business generated net revenue of approximately $411 million in the three months ended July 31, 2024 and approximately $1.2 billion in the nine months ended July 31, 2024. In addition, we conduct centralized order fulfillment and supply chain operations for our businesses through the order fulfillment and supply chain organization (“OFS”). OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. Each of our businesses, together with OFS and Agilent Technologies Research Laboratories, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services, workplace services and human resources. We sell our products primarily through direct sales, but we also utilize distributors, resellers, manufacturers’ representatives and electronic commerce. As of July 31, 2024, we employed approximately 17,400 people worldwide. Our primary research and development and manufacturing sites are in California, Colorado, Delaware, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont in the U.S. and in Australia, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. BioVectra Acquisition On July 21, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire BIOVECTRA, a Canada based contract development and manufacturing organization (“BioVectra”), from an affiliate of H.I.G. Capital for a purchase price of $925.0 million. The BioVectra Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals, and is expected to close before calendar year 2025. Upon consummation of the S-2 Table of Contents BioVectra Acquisition, BioVectra will become part of the Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group. We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes in this offering, together with cash on hand, to partially finance the BioVectra Acquisition. See “Use of Proceeds”. The 20 notes will be subject to the special mandatory redemption provisions discussed in “Description of Notes—Special Mandatory Redemption.” The 20 notes will not be subject to any such mandatory redemption provisions, and, accordingly, whether such notes remain outstanding or not will not be impacted by the BioVectra Acquisition. The completion of this offering is not contingent on the consummation of the BioVectra Acquisition. Address and Telephone Number Our principal executive offices are located at 5301 Stevens Creek Boulevard, Santa Clara, California 95051. Our telephone number at that location is (800) 227-9770. Our home page on the Internet is www.agilent.com . The information contained, or referred to, on our website is not part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. S-3 Table of Contents The Offering Issuer Agilent Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Securities $ in aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due , 20 . $ in aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due , 20 . Maturity Date The 20 notes mature on , 20 . The 20 notes mature on , 20 . Interest The 20 notes will bear interest at the rate of % per annum. The 20 notes will bear interest at the rate of % per annum. Interest Payment Dates Interest on the notes will be paid on and of each year, commencing , 2025. Guarantees None. Denominations $2,000 initially and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. Ranking The notes will be unsecured senior obligations of the Issuer and will rank equally with other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. See “Description of Notes—Ranking” in this prospectus supplement. Change of Control Repurchase Event Upon the occurrence of a “change of control repurchase event,” as defined under “Description of Notes—Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event” in this prospectus supplement, with respect to a series of notes, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to repurchase such series of notes at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Optional Redemption The Issuer may redeem the notes at its option at any time, either in whole or in part, at the applicable redemption price described in this prospectus supplement. See “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption” in this prospectus supplement. Special Mandatory Redemption In the event of a Special Mandatory Redemption Event, we will be required to redeem all of the 20 notes at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date. See “Description of Notes—Special Mandatory Redemption.” Certain Covenants The indenture governing the notes, among other things, limits the Issuer’s ability and the ability of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to create or assume certain liens or enter into certain sale and leaseback S-4 Table of Contents transactions, and the Issuer’s ability to engage in mergers or consolidations and sell, lease, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its consolidated assets. Each of these covenants, however, is subject to a number of significant exceptions. See “Description of Notes—Limitation on Liens” in this prospectus supplement and “Description of Debt Securities—Certain Covenants” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of these covenants. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to partially finance the BioVectra Acquisition and to prepay a portion of outstanding borrowings under our term loan facility. Pending these uses, we intend to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. In the event we are required to redeem the 20 notes in connection with a Special Mandatory Redemption Event, we intend to use the net proceeds of the 20 notes for general corporate purposes. Certain of the underwriters in this offering or their affiliates are lenders under the term loan facility. Accordingly, such underwriters or their affiliates will receive a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes in connection with our prepayment of a portion of the borrowings under the term loan facility. See “Use of Proceeds” in this prospectus supplement. Conflicts of Interest As described in “Use of Proceeds” in this prospectus supplement, we may use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes in this offering to prepay a portion of outstanding borrowings under our term loan facility. Certain of the underwriters (or their affiliates) who are lenders under the term loan facility would receive a portion of the proceeds from this offering if a portion of our borrowings under our term loan facility were to be prepaid. If any one underwriter, together with its affiliates, were to receive 5% or more of the net proceeds of this offering by reason of the prepayment, such underwriters would be deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. Accordingly, this offering will be conducted in accordance with FINRA Rule 5121. No underwriter with a “conflict of interest” under FINRA Rule 5121 will confirm sales to any account over which it exercises discretion without the specific written approval of the account holder. See “Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)—Conflicts of Interest.” No Listing We do not intend to apply for the listing of the notes on any securities exchange or for the quotation of the notes in any dealer quotation system. The notes will be new securities for which there currently is no public market. S-5 Table of Contents U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences You should consult your tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal, state and local and foreign tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of the notes. See “Certain Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” in this prospectus supplement. Book-Entry The notes will be delivered in book-entry form only through The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Clearstream and/or Euroclear. Further Issuances We may create and issue additional notes of a series having the same terms (except for the issue date and, if applicable, the date upon which interest begins to accrue and the first interest payment date) as, and ranking equally and ratably with, the notes of that series initially offered in this offering. These additional notes could be deemed part of the same series as the notes initially offered in this offering. There is no limit on the amount of notes that can be issued under the indenture governing the notes. Trustee and Paying and Transfer Agent Citibank, N.A. Governing Law State of New York. Risk Factors Our business is subject to uncertainties and risks. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, including the risk factors discussed more fully in the “Risk Factors” section immediately following this summary, the “Risk Factors” section in the accompanying prospectus and the “Risk Factors” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2024. It is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be adversely affected by any of these risks. S-6 Table of Contents Summary Consolidated Financial Data The following table sets forth summary consolidated financial information from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2024 and for the nine months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 and our audited consolidated financial statements as of October 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements, and, in the opinion of our management, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the information set forth therein. The summary consolidated financial data presented below should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, as supplemented by our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 3, 2024, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2024, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Our historical financial information may not be indicative of our future performance and our results of operations for the nine months ended July 31, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results for the full fiscal year or any other period. Nine Months Ended July 31, Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2023 2022 (in millions) Consolidated Statements of Operations Data Net revenue: Products $ 3,455 $ 3,819 $ 5,051 $ 5,187 Services and other 1,354 1,326 1,782 1,661 Total net revenue 4,809 5,145 6,833 6,848 Costs and expenses: Cost of products 1,486 1,890 2,428 2,242 Cost of services and other 704 705 940 884 Total costs 2,190 2,595 3,368 3,126 Research and development 368 367 481 467 Selling, general and administrative 1,171 1,241 1,634 1,637 Total costs and expenses 3,729 4,203 5,483 5,230 Income from operations 1,080 942 1,350 1,618 Interest income 56 34 51 9 Interest expense (64 ) (73 ) (95 ) (84 ) Other income (expense), net 48 16 33 (39 ) Income before taxes 1,120 919 1,339 1,504 Provision for income taxes 182 154 99 250 Net income $ 938 $ 765 $ 1,240 $ 1,254 S-7 Table of Contents As of July 31, 2024 As of October 31, 2023 2022 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,779 $ 1,590 $ 1,053 Total assets 10,996 10,763 10,532 Total liabilities 5,093 4,918 5,227 Total stockholders’ equity 5,903 5,845 5,305 S-8 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, or incorporated by reference herein and therein, and the information contained in any free writing prospectus we authorize for use in connection with this offering before making an investment in the notes. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information, as well as the information under the heading “Risk Factors” in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2024, identifies the material risk factors affecting our company and an investment in the notes.

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]