424B5 1 ny20042512x2_424b5.htm 424B5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-285042 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 19, 2025 This preliminary prospectus supplement relates to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and they are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (to Prospectus dated February 19, 2025) Expedia Group, Inc. $ % Senior Notes Due 2035 We are offering $ aggregate principal amount of our % Senior Notes due 2035. The notes will bear interest at a rate of %. We will pay interest on the notes semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. The notes will mature on , 2035. At our option, we may redeem all or part of the notes at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity at the applicable redemption price described under “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption.” If we experience specific kinds of change of control events, we must offer to purchase the notes. The notes will be our senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, including the Existing Notes (as defined herein) and the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein). Certain of our subsidiaries will guarantee our obligations under the notes, including the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the notes. These guarantees of the notes will be senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor (as defined herein) and will rank equally in right of payment with all of such Subsidiary Guarantor’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, including such Subsidiary Guarantor’s guarantees of the Existing Notes and its obligations as a borrower or guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Subsidiary Guarantors include each of our subsidiaries which guarantee our existing 5.000% senior notes due 2026, 0% convertible senior notes due 2026, 4.625% senior notes due 2027, 3.800% senior notes due 2028, 3.25% senior notes due 2030 and 2.950% senior notes due 2031 (collectively, the “Existing Notes”) and that is either a domestic borrower or guarantor in respect of our Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the “Revolving Credit Facility”). Additional subsidiaries will be required to guarantee the notes, and the guarantees of the Subsidiary Guarantors will terminate, in each case in the circumstances described under “Description of Notes—Guarantees.” The notes and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors’ existing and future secured indebtedness, up to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. In addition, the notes and the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors and of those Subsidiary Guarantors whose guarantees of the notes are released or terminated. Investing in the notes involves risks. See the risks that are described in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page S- 5 of this prospectus supplement and any risk factors described in the documents we incorporate by reference. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Note Total Public offering price (1) % $ Underwriting discounts and commissions % $ Proceeds, before expenses, to us (1) % $ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from , 2025. The underwriters expect to deliver the notes on or about , 2025 only in book-entry form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company and its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, against payment therefor in immediately available funds. Joint Book-Running Managers Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan The date of this prospectus supplement is , 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, in the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus with respect to the offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Neither we nor the underwriter has authorized anyone to provide you with additional or different information. If anyone provides you with additional, different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this prospectus supplement, in the accompanying prospectus and in any free writing prospectus with respect to the offering filed with the SEC and the documents incorporated by reference is accurate only as of their respective dates regardless of its time of delivery or the time of any sales of the notes. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may have changed since the date of this prospectus supplement. TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-ii WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-iii INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE S-iii INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA S-iv CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-v SUMMARY S-1 RISK FACTORS S-5 USE OF PROCEEDS S-10 CAPITALIZATION S-11 DESCRIPTION OF NOTES S-12 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES S-31 UNDERWRITING S-36 LEGAL MATTERS S-41 EXPERTS S-41 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 3 INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 4 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 5 RISK FACTORS 6 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 7 USE OF PROCEEDS 8 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 9 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 11 LEGAL MATTERS 13 EXPERTS 14 S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document is in two parts. The first part is the prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of the notes we are offering and certain other matters relating to us and our financial condition. The second part, the accompanying prospectus, gives more general information about debt securities that we may offer from time to time, some of which may not apply to the notes we are offering. You should read this prospectus supplement along with the accompanying prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference. If the description of the offering varies between this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or in any free writing prospectus we may provide to you in connection with this offering. Neither we nor the underwriters take any responsibility for, or provide any assurances as to the reliability of, any additional or different information that others may give you. Neither we nor the underwriters are offering to sell the notes or seeking offers to buy the notes in jurisdictions where offers or sales are not permitted. You should assume that the information contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates or as of the respective dates specified in such information, as applicable, and the information contained in documents incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the respective dates of those documents or as of the respective dates specified in such information, as applicable, in each case regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus or any such free writing prospectus or any sale of the notes. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. As used in this prospectus supplement, the terms “Issuer”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and not to any of its subsidiaries; the term “Subsidiary Guarantors” refers to those subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee the notes; and “Expedia Group,” refers to Expedia Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Subsidiary Guarantors). We expect that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on or about the date specified on the cover of this prospectus supplement, which is the business day following the date of the pricing of the notes (such settlement cycle being referred to as “T+ ”). Purchasers of the notes should note that trading of the notes may be affected by this settlement date. See “Underwriting.” S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 with respect to the securities offered hereby. This prospectus supplement does not contain all the information set forth in the registration statement, parts of which are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Please refer to the registration statement for further information about us and the securities offered hereby. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other materials that are filed through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) System or any successor thereto. This website can currently be accessed at www.sec.gov. You can find information we have filed with the SEC by reference to file number 001-37429. Our SEC filings are also available to the public over the internet from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or our website at www.expediagroup.com. Our website and the information contained in it or connected to it shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this prospectus supplement or the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement forms a part and you should not rely on any such information in making your investment decision. INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” in this prospectus supplement the information in other documents that we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those publicly filed documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus supplement, and information in documents that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede information contained in documents filed earlier with the SEC or contained in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Accordingly, we incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement the documents listed below and any future filings that the Company makes with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (File Number 001-37429) prior to the termination of the offering of securities under this prospectus supplement (excluding information deemed to be furnished and not filed with the SEC), which shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference and to be a part of this prospectus supplement from the respective dates of filing thereof: • Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024; • The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, which was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024 ; and • Current Report on Form 8-K (Item 8.01 only) filed with the SEC on February 6, 2025. We will provide without charge to each person to whom a copy of this prospectus supplement has been delivered, upon written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents we incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement, other than any exhibit to any of those documents, unless we have specifically incorporated that exhibit by reference into the information this prospectus supplement incorporates. You may request copies by writing to us at the address listed below or emailing us at the e-mail address listed below: Expedia Group, Inc. 1111 Expedia Group Way W. Seattle, WA 98119 Attn: Investor Relations Department IR@expedia.com S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and any document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, may include industry and trade association data, forecasts and information that we have prepared based, in part, upon data, forecasts and information obtained from independent trade associations, industry publications and surveys and other information available to us. Some data are also based on our good-faith estimates, which are derived from management’s knowledge of the industry and independent sources. Industry publications and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained in these materials has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we have not independently verified the information. In certain of the markets in which we operate, it may be difficult to directly ascertain industry or market data. Unless otherwise noted, statements as to our market share and market position are approximated and based on management experience and estimates using the above-mentioned third-party data combined with our internal analysis and estimates. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding our industry data presented in the applicable documents, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Similarly, while we believe our internal research is reliable, such research has not been verified by any independent sources. S-iv TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement contains, and the accompanying prospectus and any free writing prospectus and documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus may contain, “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The use of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “goal,” “intends,” “likely,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projected,” “seeks,” “should” and “will,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements; however, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. We are not under any obligation to, and do not intend to, publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, even if experience or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be realized. Please carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this prospectus supplement and in the prospectus and in our reports filed with the SEC that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, prospects and results of operations. S-v TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY The following summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the documents we incorporate by reference and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information and consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents we incorporate by reference. This summary is not complete and may not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including the “Risk Factors” section and our consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements, before making an investment decision. Our Company Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: EXPE) is an online travel company, and our mission is to power global travel for everyone, everywhere. We believe travel is a force for good. Travel is an essential human experience that strengthens connections, broadens horizons and bridges divides. We leverage our supply portfolio, platform and technology capabilities across an extensive portfolio of consumer brands, and provide solutions to our business partners, to empower travelers to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel. At the end of 2024, we had over 3.5 million lodging properties available, including over 2.5 million online bookable alternative accommodations listings through Vrbo, over 1 million hotels and alternative accommodations through our other brands, over 500 airlines, packages, rental cars, cruises, insurance, as well as activities and experiences. Travel suppliers distribute and market products via our apps, desktop and mobile offerings, as well as through alternative distribution channels, our business partnerships and our call centers in order to reach our extensive global audience. In addition, our advertising and media businesses help other businesses, primarily travel providers, reach a large multi-platform audience of travelers around the globe. For information regarding the results of Expedia Group’s historical operations, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Expedia Group’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Company Information Expedia Group, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. The mailing address of Expedia Group’s principal executive offices is 1111 Expedia Group Way W, Seattle, WA 98119, and Expedia Group’s email address is IR@expedia.com. The Subsidiary Guarantors The following direct and indirect subsidiaries of Expedia Group will be the initial guarantors of the notes: • Cruise, LLC • HRN 99 Holdings, LLC • EAN.com, LP • LEMS I LLC • Expedia Group Commerce, Inc. • Liberty Protein, Inc. • Expedia, Inc. • O Holdings Inc. • Higher Power Nutrition Common Holdings, LLC • Orbitz, LLC • HomeAway Software, Inc. • Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. • HomeAway.com, Inc. • Travelscape, LLC • Hotels.com GP, LLC • VRBO Holdings, Inc. • Hotels.com, L.P. • WWTE, Inc. • Hotwire, Inc. Recent Developments On February 8, 2025, we redeemed all of our outstanding 6.25% senior notes due 2025. S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering Issuer Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Guarantees The notes will be unconditionally guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors, which include each domestic subsidiary of the Issuer that guarantees our existing 5.000% senior notes due 2026, 0% convertible senior notes due 2026, 4.625% senior notes due 2027, 3.800% senior notes due 2028, 3.25% senior notes due 2030 and 2.950% senior notes due 2031 (collectively, the “Existing Notes”) and that is either a domestic borrower or guarantor in respect of our Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the “Revolving Credit Facility”). Additional subsidiaries will be required to guarantee the notes, and the guarantees of the Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to the notes will terminate, in each case in the circumstances set forth under “Description of Notes—Guarantees.” As set forth in the Summarized Financial Information for Guarantors and the Issuer of Guaranteed Securities section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, as of December 31, 2024, the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors accounted for approximately $18.5 billion, or 83%, of our total consolidated assets and also accounted for approximately $10.5 billion, or 77%, of our total consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. In this summarized financial information of the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors, all intercompany balances and transactions between the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors have been eliminated and all information excludes subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors of our debt facility and instruments, including earnings from and investments in these entities. Notes Offered $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 2035 (the “notes”). Maturity The notes will mature on , 2035. Interest The notes will accrue interest at % per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on and of each year, beginning on , 2025. Ranking The notes will be our senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, including the Existing Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility. So long as the guarantees are in effect, each Subsidiary Guarantor’s guarantee will be the senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligation of such Subsidiary Guarantor and will rank equally in right of payment with all of such Subsidiary Guarantor’s existing and future unsecured and S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS unsubordinated obligations, including such Subsidiary Guarantor’s guarantees of the Existing Notes and its obligations as a borrower or guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility. The notes and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to our and the Subsidiary Guarantors’ existing and future secured indebtedness, up to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. In addition, the notes and the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors and of those Subsidiary Guarantors whose guarantees of the notes are released or terminated. Optional Redemption At our option, we may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their maturity. If we elect to redeem the notes prior to the Par Call Date (as defined herein), we will pay a redemption price in respect of the notes to be redeemed at a specified make-whole premium as described under the heading “Description of Notes—Optional Redemption,” plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the redemption date. If we elect to redeem the notes on or after the Par Call Date (as defined herein), we will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the redemption date. Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in this prospectus supplement), each holder of notes will have the right to require us to repurchase such holder’s notes, in whole or in part, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. See “Description of Notes—Change of Control Triggering Event.” Certain Covenants The indenture that will govern the notes will contain covenants limiting our ability and our subsidiaries’ ability to: • create certain liens, • enter into sale and lease-back transactions, and • consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets to, another person. However, each of these covenants will be subject to certain exceptions. You should read “Description of Notes—Covenants” for a description of these covenants. S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Form and Denominations We will issue the notes in fully registered form in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Each of the notes will be represented by one or more global securities registered in the name of a nominee of The Depository Trust Company, or DTC. You will hold a beneficial interest in one or more of the notes through DTC, and DTC and its direct and indirect participants will record your beneficial interest in their books. Except under limited circumstances, we will not issue certificated notes. Further Issuances We may create and issue additional notes ranking equally with the notes initially offered in this offering and otherwise similar in all respects (other than with respect to the date of issuance, issue price, the initial interest accrual date and amount of interest payable on the first payment date applicable thereto). These additional notes will be treated as a single class including for waivers, amendments and redemptions. Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, (i) repayment, prepayment, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt, (ii) dividends and stock repurchases and (iii) funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and acquisitions. Net proceeds may be temporarily invested prior to use. Absence of Public Market for the Notes The notes are a new issue of securities and there is currently no established trading market for the notes. The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any automated dealer quotation system. There can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any market for the notes. The underwriters have advised us that they currently intend to make a market in the notes. However, they are not obligated to do so, and any market making with respect to the notes may be discontinued without notice. As a result, a liquid market for the notes may not be available if you try to sell your notes. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to an Investment in the Notes and this Offering—Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of an active trading market and there is no assurance that any active trading market will develop for the notes.” Governing Law The notes and the indenture will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Risk Factors You should carefully read and consider the information set forth under “Risk Factors” beginning on page S- 5 of this prospectus supplement and any risk factors described in the documents we incorporate by reference, as well as all the other information set forth in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and in the documents we incorporate by reference, before investing in the notes. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS An investment in the notes involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors described below as well as the risk factors described in Expedia Group’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and any risk factors set forth in the documents that are incorporated in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus, as the same may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by our filings under the Exchange Act. Before making any investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect Expedia Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The risks and uncertainties Expedia Group faces

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]