424B5 1 gpc2024bsnpreprosup.htm 424B5 Document Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-262855 This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus relate to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement is not complete and may be changed. This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 20, 2024 Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated February 18, 2022) $ Series 2024B % Senior Notes due , ________________________________________________________________ This is a public offering by Georgia Power Company of $ of Series 2024B % Senior Notes due , (the “Series 2024B Senior Notes”). Interest on the Series 2024B Senior Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on and of each year, beginning , 2024. The Series 2024B Senior Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the option of Georgia Power Company at redemption prices as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2024B Senior Notes—Optional Redemption.” The Series 2024B Senior Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Georgia Power Company, ranking equally with all of Georgia Power Company’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding, and will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of Georgia Power Company as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2024B Senior Notes—Ranking.” Concurrently with this offering, Georgia Power Company is also offering $ aggregate principal amount of Series 2024A % Senior Notes due , (the “Series 2024A Senior Notes”). This Prospectus Supplement is not, and should not be construed as, an offering of any notes other than the Series 2024B Senior Notes offered hereby. The completion of the offering of the Series 2024B Senior Notes is not contingent on the success of any other offering, including the proposed offering of the Series 2024A Senior Notes. See “Risk Factors” on page S-2 for a description of certain risks associated with investing in the Series 2024B Senior Notes. Per Series 2024B Senior Note Total Initial public offering price (1) % $ Underwriting discount % $ Proceeds, before expenses, to Georgia Power Company % $ ___________________ (1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of original issuance of the Series 2024B Senior Notes, which is expected to be February , 2024. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus Supplement or the accompanying Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Series 2024B Senior Notes are expected to be delivered on or about February , 2024 through the book-entry facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), as operator of the Euroclear system, or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (“Clearstream”). ________________________________________________________________ Joint Book-Running Managers Citigroup J.P. Morgan Mizuho MUFG Truist Securities February , 2024 No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus or any written communication from Georgia Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering. Neither Georgia Power Company nor any underwriter takes any responsibility for, nor can it provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from Georgia Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is an offer to sell only the Series 2024B Senior Notes offered hereby, and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information incorporated by reference or contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from Georgia Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is current only as of its respective date. _______________________________________________________ TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page Risk Factors S-2 The Company S-2 Available Information S-2 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference S-2 Selected Financial Information S-2 Use of Proceeds S-3 Description of the Series 2024B Senior Notes S-3 Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-United States Holders S-8 Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) S-12 Experts S-18 Prospectus About this Prospectus 2 Risk Factors 2 Available Information 2 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference 2 Georgia Power Company 3 Selected Information 3 Use of Proceeds 3 Description of the Senior Notes 3 Description of the Junior Subordinated Notes 7 Plan of Distribution 12 Legal Matters 12 Experts 12 RISK FACTORS Investing in the Series 2024B Senior Notes involves risk. Please see the risk factors in Georgia Power Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Form 10-K”), which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. THE COMPANY Georgia Power Company (the “Company”) is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Georgia on June 26, 1930. The Company has its principal office at 241 Ralph McGill Boulevard, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30308-3374, telephone (404) 506-6526. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Southern Company. The Company’s internet address is http://www.georgiapower.com. The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and should not be considered to be a part of this Prospectus Supplement. The Company is a regulated public utility engaged in the generation, transmission, distribution and purchase of electricity and the sale of electric service within a service area comprising most of the State of Georgia. AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and in accordance with the 1934 Act files reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports and other information regarding registrants including the Company that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. Only the Company’s SEC filings referenced below are incorporated by reference herein. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The following documents have been filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act and are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement: (a) the Form 10-K ; and (b) the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2024 (t wo reports) . All documents filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act subsequent to the date of this Prospectus Supplement and prior to the termination of this offering shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however, that the Company is not incorporating any information furnished under Item 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K unless specifically stated otherwise. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Prospectus Supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus Supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus Supplement. SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2023 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The following selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes, which are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement. The information set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to and, therefore, should be read together with management’s discussion and analysis of S-2 results of operations and financial condition, the financial statements and related notes and other financial information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The information set forth below does not reflect the issuance of the Series 2024B Senior Notes offered hereby or the proposed issuance of the Series 2024A Senior Notes or the use of proceeds therefrom. See “Use of Proceeds” in this Prospectus Supplement. Year Ended December 31, 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 (in millions) Operating Revenues $ 8,408 $ 8,309 $ 9,260 $ 11,584 $ 10,118 Earnings Before Income Taxes(1) 2,192 1,727 416 2,183 2,528 Net Income(1) 1,720 1,575 584 1,813 2,080 Capitalization at December 31, 2023 (in millions, except percentages) Common Stock Equity $ 21,383 56.9 % Senior Notes 9,175 24.4 Other Long-Term Debt 7,023 18.7 Total, excluding amounts due within one year of $502 million $ 37,581 100.0 % ____________ (1) The Company recorded pre-tax charges (credits) to income of $(68) million ($(50) million after tax), $183 million ($137 million after tax), $1.7 billion ($1.3 billion after tax) and $325 million ($242 million after tax) in 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to reflect revised estimates to complete construction and start-up of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. USE OF PROCEEDS The net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2024B Senior Notes, combined with any net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2024A Senior Notes, will be used by the Company to repay all or a portion of (i) $250,000,000 outstanding under an uncommitted credit facility and (ii) the Company’s outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which aggregated approximately $475,000,000 as of February 19, 2024. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for other general corporate purposes, including the Company’s continuous construction program. Borrowings under the uncommitted credit facility bear interest at a floating rate (6.2% per annum at January 31, 2024) and are payable on demand, after specified notice by the lender. The proceeds of the borrowings under the uncommitted credit facility were used for general corporate purposes, including the Company’s continuous construction program. DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2024B SENIOR NOTES Set forth below is a description of the specific terms of the Series 2024B % Senior Notes due , . This description supplements, and should be read together with, the description of the general terms and provisions of the senior notes set forth in the accompanying Prospectus under the caption “Description of the Senior Notes.” The following description does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the description in the accompanying Prospectus and the Senior Note Indenture dated as of January 1, 1998, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as further supplemented and amended from time to time (the “Senior Note Indenture”), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (the “Senior Note Indenture Trustee”). S-3 General The Series 2024B Senior Notes will be issued as a series of senior notes under the Senior Note Indenture. The Series 2024B Senior Notes will initially be issued in the aggregate principal amount of $ . The Company may, at any time and without the consent of the holders of the Series 2024B Senior Notes, issue additional notes having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Series 2024B Senior Notes (except for the public offering price and issue date and the initial interest accrual date and initial Interest Payment Date (as defined below), if applicable). Any additional notes having such similar terms, together with the Series 2024B Senior Notes, will constitute a single series of senior notes under the Senior Note Indenture. Unless earlier redeemed, the entire principal amount of the Series 2024B Senior Notes will mature and become due and payable, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on , . The Series 2024B Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund provision. The Series 2024B Senior Notes are available for purchase in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Interest Each Series 2024B Senior Note will bear interest at the rate of % per year (the “Securities Rate”) from the date of original issuance, payable semiannually in arrears on and of each year (each, an “Interest Payment Date”) to the person in whose name such Series 2024B Senior Note is registered at the close of business on the fifteenth calendar day prior to such Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day). The initial Interest Payment Date is , 2024. The amount of interest payable will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on the Series 2024B Senior Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay), with the same force and effect as if made on such date. “Business Day” means a day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain closed or (iii) a day on which the Senior Note Indenture Trustee’s corporate trust office is closed for business. Ranking The Series 2024B Senior Notes will be direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company, ranking equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company from time to time outstanding. The Series 2024B Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of the Company, aggregating approximately $5.0 billion outstanding at December 31, 2023, including approximately $4.8 billion outstanding under the multi-advance credit facilities among the Company, the United States Department of Energy and the Federal Financing Bank (the “FFB Credit Facilities”), which are secured by (i) the Company’s ownership interest in the two new nuclear generating units at Plant Vogtle (“Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4”) and (ii) the Company’s rights and obligations under the principal contracts relating to Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. The FFB Credit Facilities are not secured by any other assets of the Company. The Senior Note Indenture contains no restrictions on the amount of additional indebtedness that may be incurred by the Company. Optional Redemption Prior to , ( month(s) prior to the maturity date of the Series 2024B Senior Notes) (the “Par Call Date”), the Company may redeem the Series 2024B Senior Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Series 2024B Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2024B Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. S-4 On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Series 2024B Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2024B Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. Any redemption of the Series 2024B Senior Notes may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more conditions precedent. “Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted each business day by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities–Treasury constant maturities–Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields—one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life—and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semiannual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Senior Note Indenture Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. If notice of redemption is given as aforesaid, the Series 2024B Senior Notes to be redeemed will, on the redemption date (subject, in the case of a conditional redemption, to the satisfaction of all conditions precedent), become due and payable at the applicable redemption price described above together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and from and after such date (unless the Company has defaulted in the payment of such redemption S-5 price and accrued interest) such Series 2024B Senior Notes shall cease to bear interest. If any Series 2024B Senior Note called for redemption shall not be paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal shall, until paid, bear interest from the redemption date at the Securities Rate. See “Description of the Senior Notes — Events of Default” in the accompanying Prospectus. Subject to the foregoing and to applicable law (including, without limitation, United States federal securities laws), the Company or its affiliates may, at any time and from time to time, purchase outstanding Series 2024B Senior Notes by tender, in the open market or by private agreement. Book-Entry Only Issuance—The Depository Trust Company The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) will act as the initial securities depository for the Series 2024B Senior Notes. The Series 2024B Senior Notes offered hereby will be issued only as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., DTC’s nominee, or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One or more fully-registered global Series 2024B Senior Notes certificates will be issued, representing in the aggregate the total principal amount of Series 2024B Senior Notes, and will be deposited with the Senior Note Indenture Trustee on behalf of DTC. Investors may hold interests in the Series 2024B Senior Notes offered hereby through DTC if they are participants in DTC or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC, including Euroclear or Clearstream. DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 1934 Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of United States and non-United States equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both United States and non-United States securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both United States and non-United States securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). The DTC rules applicable to its Direct and Indirect Participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com. The contents of such website do not constitute part of this Prospectus Supplement. Purchases of Series 2024B Senior Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the Series 2024B Senior Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Series 2024B Senior Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. Beneficial Owners, however, are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transactions, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participants through which the Beneficial Owners purchased Series 2024B Senior Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the Series 2024B Senior Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Series 2024B Senior Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the Series 2024B Senior Notes is discontinued. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Series 2024B Senior Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of Series 2024B Senior Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any changes in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Series 2024B Senior Notes. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the S-6 Direct Participants to whose accounts such Series 2024B Senior Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Series 2024B Senior Notes are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of interest of each Direct Participant in such Series 2024B Senior Notes to be redeemed. Although voting with respect to the Series 2024B Senior Notes is limited, in those cases where a vote is required, neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the Series 2024B Senior Notes unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Company as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the Series 2024B Senior Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). Payments on the Series 2024B Senior Notes will be made to Cede &

[...DOCUMENT TRUNCATED TO 6000 TOKENS FOR EVALUATION...]